[0:00:00] What is good everyone? So, holy case study. Uh we just scaled the trader from 8K per month to over 1.23 million per month selling trading courses. Um I'm going to show you guys all the numbers on W fan basis, everything like that. Um and in today's video, I wanted to go over how we scaled him so aggressively. Uh which is I I mean this is the best case study in the entire info industry. Um without a doubt. And I'm going to go through everything such as trading content, trading offer, the operations, everything we did for him. um trading mentorship. Like I'm gonna go over everything in this video. Um so it's going to be a [expl] banger ass video. I haven't seen anyone go this in-d depth. It's probably going to be what like what an hour long video maybe more um of showing you guys how this was possible. Um so pretty [expl] crazy
[0:00:46] stuff. 1.2 mil a month going from four figures to seven figures per month in only four months selling trading courses. So without further ado, let's get into it. Let me uh put on my what's it called? headphones so I can actually be locked and I can't hear anything um around me. So, let's get into it. So, first of all, obviously you guys are going to see the numbers. Uh we have our Looker Studio right here. This is an This is our in-house tracker. Uh all our trading clients gets access to this. As you can see right here, we've made him over 2.8 million now since he started working with us. Um it's currently August, but in July, we did 1.23 million. Um I can show you guys the numbers here. Obviously, it's going to take a while to reload, but whatever. 1.2 mil. Uh 65K. You can see this, right? 65k day and then 20k and you guys can see all the days as well. Um and then 1.5 mil in revenue 80% cash rev
[0:01:34] pretty much and all the KPIs as well here. Uh and we'll get into to this later on. Um but obviously because some people don't think that this is legit because these numbers are pretty pretty wild. Uh we also have uh everything I'll show you guys everything on web. Uh we also use comments such as which is obviously uh rebranded now but used to used to uh be named fan bases. And then we have wires wise and crypto. So on web $959,000 uh this month July I can refresh as well cuz obviously everything is about numbers proof and um everything like that. 900K just this month alone because we're now in August uh we've done like 500 something thousand just on W. Um over the last two to three months we've transitioned uh mainly from providers uh such as coms/fan bases to to WO because
[0:02:20] W just has better financing. Um if you go to all time we pretty much speed ran um in two months we speed ran what's it called 2 mil um anti-1 mil plaque pretty much um so pretty pretty nice and if you go to comments you can also see right here this is why it's red um because obviously we switch providers so most of our volume was on fan basis but then uh switched to well so one point uh or not one point but $168,000 there um and then if you go to um to today only 8K cuz we are in eastern time zone or sales team is $959,000 there. So that rounds up to around 1 million something uh 1.1 mil mill maybe um and then obviously we have like 100k on third party providers such as wire uh wise crypto and stuff like that which is
[0:03:06] obviously not trackable um I'm also going to be getting into how we track trading content specifically through uh some softwares which softwares we use for this trading client everything about trading content I can even show you guys how much we tracked on uh organically trading content we tracked like 1.4 4 mil last 30 days. Um, and pretty much we took this trading client from 8K per month uh, four months ago to then 30 days later he was doing 100k per month. Then another 30 days later he did $752,000 per month. I even documented this on my YouTube as well. So we actually flew him out. Uh, we flew our team out. We flew uh, our trading client out. Um, recorded an in real life testimonial right here. Also recorded it day by day right here. This is me and JJ right there. Um, of how we did the $752,000 month in June. Then in July we did 1.23
[0:03:52] million, right? All in four months. So this is the best result uh in this in this industry pretty much. Um I haven't seen anyone do this from four figures to seven figures per month in less than half a year. Um and to not talk about this is all organic by the way. All organic trading content. It's only now in August we've started implementing ads. So we scaled them to seven figures per month. All organic. Uh which is very very important because anyone could say that they scaled anyone to 1 mil. um a month if they spend 1 mill on ads. But this is all organic uh because we crack organic first and then once we have organic cracked first and we're hitting like multi6 even seven figures per month all organic then you go into ads but again we'll get into this in just a second but anyways uh trading content number one we'll go over that trading
[0:04:38] offer what we did to help it on that operations the entire back end we'll go into the mentorship side of things the copyrightiting the launch and also the sales and sales team and tracking up on everything. So, this is uh this is going to be a big ass video. Um, but without further ado, let's let's get into it. So, before JJ JJ Simon, our client, uh joined our consulting program, um he was at 8K per month. He was at 8K per month selling a low ticket Discord community for $200 per month. He had one YouTube video posted um and really no niche. Like, he had pretty much nothing. Um to now, we've made him over 2.8 million actually, not even 2.7 um because I made this my board like a few days ago. and we scale them to 1.2 mil a month, right? And 90% of the leads comes through
[0:05:23] YouTube. So, if you see right here, this is a uh a screenshot of him in our consulting program. Um the 3rd of April when he joined. Uh this is a few days later he joined. Um he talked about um pretty much having nothing on YouTube. He had posted this video himself. Um that's it. He had 300 subscribers, that's it. And um now obviously then now he has like 20K on YouTube. Um, and this is where around like $900,000 uh a month comes from and then the remaining from IG and then some extra stuff. Um, and then a month later, eight of May, um, or two months later actually, my bad. Um, he had eight videos, uploaded, 3,000 subscribers, um, and then now obviously at 20K. Um, but we'll be getting into this later on again. So JJ had 1.6
[0:06:11] million in verified prof pay payouts. Um, and he pretty much had nothing to to show for it. like he wasn't leveraging it on Instagram, he wasn't leveraging on YouTube, he wasn't really doing anything to position him as the authority and actually show his results. Um, which is obviously what we fixed. So, everyone that is in our program, everything is obviously tailored to them. So, this is, you know, maybe different to to your journey, maybe different to what you have. Um, some of our clients has 10k in payouts, trading payouts, some of them has 50k, 100k, a million, whatever, right? But it's all the same when it comes to the foundation. So, the foundation of a trading brand when it comes to trading content is dialing in your niche, dialing in your USP, dialing in your ICP, and then being yourself on camera. The last thing you want is be
[0:06:57] some kind of other persona when you're recording. Um, and then you get burned out through content. So, the foundations, first of all, because we took JJ from pretty much zero, um, or at least close to zero, like 8K per month is is super close to zero. he had pretty much no YouTube 300 subscribers um to now doing over seven figures per month because we took him from zero we also had to dial in the whole foundations cuz he really hadn't hadn't you know got to that point yet. So first of all we you know looked into the niche itself. Niche was proper trading that's where he got all his results trading wise from. Um and properform trading is obviously aspirational. It's constantly searched about. It's really really popping right now. Uh it has been like that for like the few years. Uh and it's also pretty easy to understand um from a viewer's perspective. Right. So instead of just
[0:07:44] uh framing JJ as a new trading guru that just flex his lifestyle content. No, we actually wanted to position him um and make his content towards uh you know unprofitable traders that are struggling with proper payouts and then target more more um intermediate to advanced traders and target more you know older audiences. Um so if you look at his YouTube there's absolutely zero lifestyle. There's only a blog here. Um but again his vlog goes over how he's you know flew out some of his students um and then trade live with them. But everything like this is pretty much just educational. Um then again this right here, but this is also pure educational just in a different format, just in a lifestyle format where he then goes over his trades for the week. Um but everything else is is purely educational. Um which is also why it's
[0:08:29] all so good. You really don't need lifestyle content. Um you just need to dial in your niche again, USP, target audience, um and then your persona on camera. Then obviously go into the organic and paid stuff later. We go into some more stuff about the um the trading content, everything. But niche was the first thing. After niche, you've got USP. Um, what is unique about you? Like, ask yourself this. If you have a trading brand right now or you're looking to start one, what is unique about you? Uh, it may be your strategy, it may be your payouts, it may be your way of approaching the markets, maybe, you know, whatever. You have LXG on one side that has set and forget uh as a USP, which is really good. So, set and uh what's it called? Set and forget essentially. Um, which is which is
[0:09:14] really good cuz think of it like this. If you break down set and forget, Alex G, you're probably aware of of him. Um, when you say set and forget, you subconsciously clown on scalpers because set and forget. And that ties to his strategy. So, his strategy is swing trading based obviously. Um, but when he says set and forget, he can also subconsciously clown on scalpers being, you know, having to to to be on the charts 10 hours a day essentially. Um, so his USP is set and forget, which is really good. JJ's USP is resultsbased showing no tax reports um showing verified you know payouts um he also has a quant trading background he's very technical data data driven um and then obviously the 1.6 six mill in verified prop firm payouts, right? So again, also tax reports and everything and the the
[0:10:00] prop firm payouts we also crafted and tailored to the VSSL itself. We'll get into the VSSL uh later on. So niche dialed in that first, USP second, a target audience and ICP. You actually have to understand who you're trying to sell to. Are you trying to sell to 18 year olds? Is your messaging towards younger people, older people? Is your messaging towards, you know, intermediate traders, advanced traders, beginner traders? what really are you trying or who are you trying to sell to essentially right so for JJ obviously because it matches pretty good with him being um very math driven data driven uh he's not that that guy that shows a ton of lifestyle it obviously uh ties down into um pretty much attracting an older older ICP ideal customer profile right so which is also ideal if you want to
[0:10:45] have the highest piff rate um if you want to have the highest cash to rev if you want to have the highest show rate close rate if you try and attract more intermediate to advanced traders um and older people, you will generally have it easier when it comes to selling trading courses compared to, you know, doing Tik Tok videos all day long, lifestyle, you know, driven content. Um cuz that way you'll, you know, your messaging and positioning is just towards younger people and younger people are just harder to sell to because at least first of all, they probably don't have enough pain. They haven't gone through years of being unprofitable. Meaning, if they don't have enough pain, it's hard to sell to obviously. And the younger people, they typically don't have any money cuz they're in college, before college, uh, whatever. They're just broke, right? Compared to older people, um, it's obviously way better. So,
[0:11:30] through, you know, JJ's trading content, um, we also helped him upon this where he then instead of attracting younger people, he started attracting financially established people, um, people that were skeptical, maybe they've been burned before, but again, if they've been burnt before, we talk about it in the VSSL to pre-frame this, uh, to pre-handle this objection as well. um and just people that are drawn to to data instead of you know lifestyle essentially right so in terms of the ICP want to attract more older people this is also what we you know did for JJ and helped him upon and then fourth thing is actually being himself on camera um because the last thing you want is you not being you on camera because if you're not yourself on camera it's just a matter of time before you burn out uh when posting content um trust me so if you look at any of these videos including my own videos I am just myself
[0:12:17] Um, I just talk like this video for example. Um, there's probably not going to be that many cuts only if I have to go and take a piss or whatever cuz it's going to be a long ass video. Um, but other than that, I mean, it's just me being myself, JJ being himself. It's called a personal brand for a reason, you know. Um, there's no reason to try and be some other persona when, you know, at the end of the day, you'll just burn out by doing that. Um, so that's the fourth thing. And then before, obviously, he was running a low ticket Discord community. um most traders are even though it's the you know least optimal way of running things. We'll get into this later on as well. Um because obviously you're attracting low quality clients through a low ticket because low ticket you know attracts that just low perceived value. You're not making that much money. Your students not taking it
[0:13:02] seriously. Everything's just wrong with a a $200 or $100 or $50 uh a month subscription based trading Discord community or Telegram group essentially, right? But because when you fix your content, when you fix the foundations to it, especially and then we go into the the content side of things when it comes to um you know, top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom funnel, you structure it out properly. When you do that right, you can easily sell a 5K plus offer. Um so right now the main offer for JJ is 6.5K group coaching and we also have a 40K upsell for 101, which may sound, you know, insane, but we'll get into the trading offer in just a second. Right. So, organic versus paid. Um, we had $0 in ad spend across the entire scale up. Like, this is all organic. Um, from when
[0:13:47] we started working with them. Um, literally all organic until the second August or third August, I can't remember. Um, but the 1.2 mil a month was all paid. So, the way you got to think about paid and organic is organic is obviously free. Paid you pay to get leads. Um, but organic will and will always be the foundations to your brand. Um, it's so so hard to crack paid and ads if you don't have the organic on point because you see organic is like the um the fire, right? And then ads is just fuel to the fire. But if you don't have any fire, then obviously you can't put fuel towards nothing. Essentially, it's not going to help, right? So ads only really make sense once a business uh does over six figures or multi- six
[0:14:33] figures, even seven figures per month. Um because that's just fuel to the fire. But if there's no fire, if you haven't even cracked organic yet, you're not going to crack ads, right? That's also why we haven't even touched ads up until a few weeks ago, start of August. Um because it just doesn't make sense. You need to crack organic first. And if you can't even crack organic trading content up until six figures, there's clearly something wrong. and we scale all our trading clients through organic trading content first at least up to six even multi-6 figures uh per month and then we look into ads right so that's just the you know analogy with ads you don't need ads until you're doing you know good numbers um because it's just scope at the end of the day if you're not doing six figures then you haven't cracked organic yet but anyways going into the YouTube engine on what we help JJ upon
[0:15:18] because again um we took him from pretty much zero let me just remove this monster right here we took him from pretty much zero on YouTube um to now having over 20k subscribers, which is still super niched. Uh but 20K subscribers and 20K on on Instagram is making him over $1 million per month, right? So again, you don't need to go viral to get a ton of leads to get a ton of closes. You need to dial in your positioning, your messaging, uh your USP, your brand, um and just everything organic wise. And YouTube is going to help you upon all of that because YouTube is where 90% of your revenue is going to come from if you sell high ticket. And obviously high ticket trading mentorships is way uh superior compared to you know low ticket or mid-t offers right. So regarding YouTube the first thing we did for him uh was help
[0:16:03] him with top ofunnel content. So you have top ofunnel you have middle of funnel you have bottom of funnel. This applies to long form short form uh this applies to any content out there. Top ofunnel tends to be and I'll explain it quickly if you don't understand it or you haven't heard of it before. Top of funnel typically tends to be broader videos that gets more views that gets more leads but doesn't sell that good. And then we go into middle of funnel which typically tends to be more niche down um a little bit more advanced that nurtures people. And then bottom of funnel content is to sell people. It's way more niche, way more advanced um and it's it's just there to convert pretty much right. So top of funnel and you need all of all of all of these three obviously because imagine if you were only posting top ofunnel what would happen? Well, you won't get that many conversions. If you're only posting
[0:16:48] bottom of funnel, well, what happens? You won't really get many more leads, right? So, you need a mixture of all of them, which is what we teach our clients upon um as well, because that's obviously how you can crack organic. And then you mix that with uh the formula behind organic um and some more stuff, but we'll get into that just a second. Anyways, top of funnel trading content videos, broad hooks is filtered through the positioning of his USP as well. Everything is verified. So, as you can see, these videos gets to 75K views. Again, this is super broad videos. Uh, the exact trading strategy that made me 1.2 million in the last 12 months. Another broad video right here. I made 1.5 mil trading and learned this. I'm pretty sure this video is at like 100k views now. Um, yeah, right here. Look, look, super broad video. This did not on
[0:17:33] paper do as good as one of these videos down here in terms of conversion. And obviously you care more about the conversions because that's what's going to make you the most amount of money, but you still need top ofunnel videos to actually get leads to convert them later on because you got to understand that there's a buying journey between a lead um you know seeing your first video and then a lead getting warmed up and then a lead buying your your service, your high ticket trading mentorship, right? So another broad video right here, another topunnel video right here. This one candle makes me 100K per month. Again, this could be any candle ever. Uh this could be like these are just broad videos to get leads essentially. Um and then obviously typically on on average the first um leads or you know the leads that you get through these top ofunnel videos typically goes through binge watches your you know middle of funnel
[0:18:18] videos gets warmed up um and then goes through your bottom of funnel and converts book a call and then obviously our sales team takes care of the rest regarding uh the backend systems also but we'll get into that later on um but anyways so top of funnel we have um top of funnel we have for cold leads right then we want to nurture those cold leads into warmer leads through what middle of funnel content, right? So, middle of funnel content right here and then obviously you want to get those warm leads to hot leads like extremely burning leads and we do that through bottom of funnel videos, right? Um, so that's kind of like the the analogy behind posting broader videos, trading content related, posting more niche down, middle of funnel content and then bottom of funnel content as well. Um, but again, exactly on how to structure this and which videos to post at what time and when and the percentages between each top of funnel, middle of
[0:19:03] funnel, and bottom of funnel is something we go over inside your program too and help all our clients on. But anyways, obviously this will not work uh unless you have the formula behind what actually drives YouTube algorithm pretty much. So on YouTube, you have to understand that YouTube is a platform in itself. YouTube is a business in itself. It's here to make money. um and they make money through running ads towards people obviously, right? How do they run ads towards people or which video should they run ads towards people? Well, the videos that does the good like does the best, right? In terms of views. So, if you see it from YouTube's pers perspective, um YouTube want to push out as many ads as humanly possible. Um which means they'll need to have the best videos that gets the best, you know, most amount of views and then push out ads towards those people. So, you
[0:19:48] have the hook right here, um which is the visual hook. what you actually show. Then you have the verbal hook. So into a hook within YouTube is the first five to 10 seconds of the YouTube video. Um then obviously you have the visual you need to show verbal or you need to talk about it verbally as well. Um either your USB, your strategy, whatever the video is about. Then you go into retention. So actually retaining them throughout the YouTube video. Um actually switching up in between like chart breakdowns, you could do like live annotations, you could do trade recaps, you could do live trading, you could do whatever just to keep them retained. Obviously, it would be boring if I was just sitting on this screen for what, an hour, just like this right here, not even moving, right? Obviously, I'm not doing that. I'm keeping you retained throughout. And you know that we're only at the phase number one here. We'll go to phase number two,
[0:20:33] phase number three, and phase number four, and so on on how we scale them to seven figures per month. Um, so I'm keeping you retained as well. It's the same analogy for your trading brand and trading content essentially because again, YouTube is a platform. They want to make money. How do they make money? They push ads towards people. So they'll reward the best you know uh doing like best performing videos and YouTube you know objectively speaking rewards a video that gets clicked on and that gets watched. So clickthrough rate must be high and average duration also must be high right because that obviously shows YouTube that that's good video people are clicking on it and people are watching until the end um and then they get rewarded for it because they can push ads towards people and it gets a lot of views. the more views, the more ads they can push, the more money they make. Um, and so on, which is why you should have a good thumbnail and title
[0:21:18] obviously. Then you should have a good hook, visual and verbal hook. Then you should keep them retained. And then you should do a reward at the end. So a CTA could be again thumb of rule in top ofunnel videos. Um, more broader video should do a CTA to a freebie or a free community. And if you don't know what a freebie is, it's essentially just something you give out for free in your trading content. It could be like a free PDF or free journal or free whatever. And obviously in order for your prospects and your viewers to get access to that, well they need to opt in through a you know an opt-in form to give their email. And then obviously when you have their email you send them the freebie once they get sent the freebie. Then you have their email and you send them email sequences and emails over time to nurture them. Again getting a you know viewer going from cold to warm to to hot and then you obviously sell them towards that, right? Um so
[0:22:04] freebies or free communities works pretty good in top ofunnel content. Uh soft mentorship mentions works pretty good in middle of funnel content and then direct pitches works pretty good in bottom of funnel content because obviously in bottom of funnel they're super niche down these videos uh tends to be like either again back testing uh some spreadsheet stuff like super niche down not like beginners wouldn't even understand it and it could also be testimonials on YouTube um and anything that just really is niched down and advanced and that could sell a prospect. Um, that's obviously why you want a hard CTA towards your mentorship because that's where the conversion happens essentially. It would be weird um, posting a topunnel video and then hard pitching to a mentorship when typically the views that come through top ofunnel videos, they haven't seen your face before, right? It would just be weird
[0:22:49] getting thrown a CTA call to action straight in their face uh, when it's the first video they've watched. But if you throw it at their face after they watched, you know, two top of funnel videos, let's say two middle of funnel videos and then one bottom of funnel video, then they'll convert, right? Um, so that works in good good in terms of the rewards. So CTAs towards three communities, freebies, then soft mentorship pitches, so soft CTAs and then hard CTAs essentially. But again, we took this trading client from 300 subscribers to over 17K now because I made this my board like a few weeks ago or a week ago or something, he's obviously now at 22K. Um, which is pretty sick. So, this also allowed us to make over 2.7 million now. Um, in total, 2.8 million, I think. Um, when I made this, it was 1.5. So, again, I cannot
[0:23:34] keep up with these numbers, bro. Uh, we're making him too too much too much money. But anyways, um, let's get into the Instagram Instagram reel uh, strategy and pretty much how we we tailored this to him as well as well, cuz when he joined, he had like I think 1,000 subscri uh, not subscribers, followers on Instagram. Um so we had to build that up from scratch as well essentially right. So first of all, we need to build it on the same foundation we did beforehand with his USP uh his brand, him being himself, um and what actually makes sense in terms of messaging towards older people, the positioning as well. Um and everything everything when it comes to the foundations of the brand, right? So if you go to his Instagram right here, you can see we'll also get into the pinned reels in just a second, but all of his reels again are either showing numbers,
[0:24:20] showing results, or documenting the path to X payouts. Um so we actually crafted him a series um that we told him that well he has this amount of payouts uh he can get to this payouts let's say seven figures in in trading payouts again um you should do and I told him this on the first on call you should do a series where you document your journey to another $1 million in payouts. Now, obviously, not everyone is going to be able to do this. Um, but again, this is why our program is entirely one-on-one based because everything is tailored and needs to be tailored to what you're doing. Um, and this was tailored to what he was doing with his uh, you know, USP and his stuff that he had going on. So, if you go down, you can see that this is pretty much his uh, documentary from
[0:25:06] when he joined. Um, you can see that we started documenting the journey to pretty much a million dollars in payouts. All of these videos are um just him showing his day in the life. Quick 20, 30, 40 secondond video, showing trade recaps, showing uh breakdowns, showing payouts. Um just documenting the journey to uh to a million dollars in payouts, right? Um but again, we'll get into this series in just a second. So real-wise, everything is is pretty much educational. Everything is either if there's lifestyle in it, there's still numbers in it. And he's talking about quant trading. He's talking about his strategy. He's talking about payouts. He's talking about results. And again, we don't want to attract younger people. We want to attract more older people that actually has the money, that are financially qualified, um that also has pain, has been through trading, being unprofitable for years, and now finally
[0:25:52] wants to change it. Right? So that's real wise. We'll get into this in just a second, like more in depth. Then we also cooked up story sequences for him. Again, the same analogy as before. Hook, retention, reward. That's how everything works. Hook, retention, reward. Like everything. When I mean everything, I mean like it's long form, it's short form, it's story sequences, it's emails. You in everything marketing wise, you need to get people hooked. First of all, keep them retained and then give them some kind of reward at the end. Doesn't matter which kind of marketing it is, which format, which platform, whatever, Twitter, even Reddit, like whatever. Uh it's all the same, right? So story sequences also the same structure applies. We got the hook right here. This is the hook. First thing a prospect sees 50K minus in trading. That's crazy
[0:26:38] hook. So now I'm making over $750,000 in payouts. Crazy hook, right? And then you keep people retaining throughout and then you do a CTA at the end. So this is scroll stopping obviously because some people on Instagram, you take your phone um and you're on Instagram, some people just watch one story and then they click out of that story on Instagram, which is obviously not something we want, right? So if you have a good hook, you have something that stops the scroll and stops people from going out of your story, then obviously next step is keeping them retained and then doing a CTA, right? So we have stories, we have results of students uh just journeybased student uh testimonials. Um and then obviously we have a low pressure DM or apply CTA at the end. And if you want to do a DM CTA um you can also do it to manyhat. I can go over this in just a
[0:27:24] second right here. where you can do a personalized voice note that sounds personalized, but it's not personalized. It gets sent to everyone. Uh, which is pretty smart. I haven't seen anyone do it. Anyways, these three story sequences, this is an example of one story sequence. These three story sequences uh made him $40,000 backto backto back days. So, over $120,000 from uh from three story sequences actually, which is pretty good. And obviously we teach all our trained clients upon how to make story sequences, how to structure them, live examples, uh breakdowns where I go over the psychology behind each because there is quite a lot when it comes to making story sequences that needs to be perfect. It's also the reason why my story sequences on my brand has made us over $300,000 last month um in pure profit, which is pretty damn insane. I
[0:28:10] can even break this down in just a second. But if you want to see uh that we did $40,000, $40,000 and $40,000 just from story sequences. Check this out right here. >> All he did was cook up some story sequences. I just post them on my Instagram and then 40k 40k 40k. We had like 200k in a week. >> It's like you can't even fathom 40k days going from 8k a month to 40k days. So >> So this was um from what's it called? from my interview I did with him in real life when we flew him to um to Miami when we did that $752,000 um month in June, right? Then July we did 1.2 mil. Anyways, story sequences out the way. These are insane amount of like these are insane assets to have um almost as good as YouTube videos um because again you can save them to
[0:28:55] highlights. So, if you see at my story sequences right here, I have unlimited story sequences and unlimited client highlights. Essentially, client trips, clients four, five, six, seven, eight, uh, nine. I documented an entire 300K month. Um, for one of our other trading clients that we took from 20K to over $300,000. Documented it day by day. Um, showing you guys like literally every single number up in three days. Um, then day by day, like I documented everything. And again, when you document everything story uh story sequences wise, you can add them to highlights that are assets that'll make you money over time because if someone comes to my Instagram, then they start bench watching either my reels or my stories or go to my YouTube um and if they go through my stories are pretty much pre-sold. Also documented uh how we
[0:29:40] scale our own, you know, um company from zero to, you know, 100k per month in 5 months. Clients 10, 11, 12, 13. Then client trip again. So we typically fly out our top performing clients as an incentive for them to um to to lock in and take action um and actually put in the work. So flew out one of our training clients, scaled them from zero to 50k per month um in 30 days and then documented the entire trip what we did uh everything like that. Like this is me and me and him and then another um clients then the 750k per month um journey essentially. Again, if you look at these timestamps, I document these day by day essentially. Um, which is also what I teach our trading uh clients upon because it is assets that'll make you money forever pretty much. It's like
[0:30:26] YouTube videos. It can get recommended like a YouTube video could get recommended to someone a year later after it's uploaded and that might, you know, convert them even though you make the YouTube video a year later, which is insane. Same with story sequence. So, when you can save something, um, it's just an asset that that'll make you money forever essentially. Um, which reals isn't. So real shouldn't be taken that seriously. You shouldn't spend all your time on short form because short form will get forgotten after like a week. No one cares about what you posted. But story sequences and YouTube videos, they can binge watch that prospects wise, right? Um so 41k day and then I documented it day by day. So now in 2 days um and then we're going to flow him out. I mean you guys, you watching this video, you can go through it if you haven't already. Um documented the entire month what we did. uh went to Croatia, flew him out, looked at villas.
[0:31:13] Uh bought him or not bought but rented a villa for a week, 10 bedrooms, 10k square ft, super OD. Um we were only four people. Our sales manager, me and my business partner, and our trading client. Um documented 9 days and then pretty much everything from day by day, which is like insane assets. Landed in Miami right here, uh with our trading client and went over everything. This is JJ. This is our sales manager, my business partner here, me right here. Um 500K in cash now. and 12 days, $338,000. You get the idea. Also, cuz I am good friends with pretty much uh everyone in Dubai and I have connections upon pretty much everyone in the trading space. I also know uh the the owner of Titans of Tomorrow. We put him on um that podcast. So, there's extra brand awareness. It's
[0:31:58] a good story for for their podcast as well. Uh we went, you know, watch shopping. um he did a $37,000 a day uh and got a $15,000 payment while we were shopping for watches. He bought a Rolex and an AP, which is pretty cool. Um and then everything like that. And then again, what did I do the month after? I documented the entire 1.2 mill then. Um so 65K in a day. I even said this right here. Road to $1 million per month now. Um and then went through everything step by step. Um, and yeah, I mean, pretty pretty [expl] crazy when you can document something, uh, where you can show the progress and where you get the viewer engaged as well. It's just a matter of time before someone converts. It's the same principle with his content. It's the same principle with my content, my story sequences, my reels. I
[0:32:44] even document this day by day. Look, day number two uh, of scaling and training client to $3 million in total. Day number four, I mean, I have all the days in the reels tab. um day number eight. And and again, when you can, you know, show progression throughout, it's it's it's a [expl] money asset and it's going to print you money forever. So, it's it's super powerful. Anyways, many chat wise, if you do a CTA to Manyhat, Minihat obviously is uh you can integrate that with Instagram. So, when they DM you, for example, the keyword, you know, uh profitable or mentorship or whatever, then obviously on Minihat you can trigger certain automations to do certain things. On mini chat, you can actually um make an automation so that whenever someone replies to your story, DM you or whatever, you can send them a
[0:33:29] voice note. Uh which is pretty smart. It is really really smart. So you can send a personalized voice note to the prospects. Uh the prospects thinks it's personalized uh and then your DM setter obviously goes crazy on Instagram. And this is what we did for JJ as well. Um, also obviously you need to add a delay to that voice note because imagine someone DMing uh you. You have that voice note and then you send a 20 second voice note one second after they DM'd you. Then obviously they'll know if it's fake. You need to at least wait a minute or two minutes um and then send that and then DM center can go crazy. Uh just a little trick on many chat not a lot of people are using. I don't know why. Maybe they just don't think about it. Whatever. Anyways, now that we have YouTube on point, um, and pretty much grew him to 20K subscribers, also Instagram wise, went over the reels,
[0:34:16] went over the story highlights, the story sequences, um, the many chat and everything. You got to make sure that YouTube and Instagram works together as a flywheel because there's two different purposes for those two different platforms, right? On Instagram, you build trust through daily proof. you get shown, your face gets, you know, shown to the followers every single day. Um, with story sequences, with reals, you can even add notes in DMs. Um, at the note tab at the top, there's something new also use that. I tell our train guys to use that too. Um, and just making sure that your face gets shown every single day to the leads. So Instagram is again to build so much trust um being yourself, showing behind the scenes, being authentic and then YouTube builds authority and YouTube sells people,
[0:35:02] right? So again, if you get leads through short form content, you can redirect them over to YouTube, YouTube will convert them. All right? And it's engineered to constantly feed each other. So if someone watches YouTube first, then they can go to Instagram, binge watch Instagram, then go back to YouTube, then convert. or if they go from YouTube in the beginning, they go to Instagram then start DMing uh you and then a setter goes crazy in DMs, get them on a call, qualifies them um and then close them obviously. Um so Instagram, YouTube needs to work together as a flywheel. We also help JJ implement this as well because it is super super important. Um and then you don't need Twitter really. You don't need Tik Tok, whatever. Tik Tok is just extra short form reels uh or traction. You don't really need it. you can just copy your videos uh from Instagram, post them on Facebook, even post them on Tik
[0:35:47] Tok, but just don't like we don't even use Tik Tok and Twitter pretty much for this trading client. Um, and we're doing over seven figures a month, right? And this month we'll probably do like 1.4 $1.5 million. Uh, KPI wise, we're on track to do $1.6 million this month, but again, uh, I'm not going to say that we're going to make 1.6 and then maybe we'll make 1.4, you know, uh, but it's definitely going to be a new record month again, right? We've done like record months after record months after record months after record months, which is insane. Then you have your Instagram and YouTube and JJ has that too. Now everything is dialed because we held him upon literally everything from A to Z marketing wise. You also have to have a free Discord community or just some kind of free community, right? Not obviously to give away the full strategy for free. Um why would you ever do that? That's that's stupid. Um it's just there to
[0:36:33] nurture people. again making a you know lead go from a cold leads to a warm lead to a hot lead right and cold lead might you know go and watch one top of funnel YouTube video might join your free community after he's been inside the free community he's staying active he's watching a few more you know YouTube videos maybe some bottom of funnel YouTube videos or middle of funnel YouTube videos then he starts all of a sudden being warm and then once you start benching watching Instagram YouTube story highlights story sequences he's active in the free community he knows about your strategies watch a ton of your YouTube videos, then he's hot and then you pretty much just try and convert them, right? Um so you don't try and convert some cold leads. It's not going to work. Uh you need to nurture them over time and free Discord communities and free communities in general when structured correctly um is
[0:37:19] a very very good nurturing mechanism as well. And we help all our training clients set this up with our templates too. Um and then we get into the content side of things with the documentary. Um, so again, for this trading client, we crafted a documentary to him because everything is tailored to all our trading clients because it's one-on-one, right? Um, so this might not work for some people, might work for other people, it worked for JJ cuz everything I do obviously is one-on-one to all our clients. So I sit down, talk with him, jump on roadmap calls, onboarding calls, uh, you know, other calls, coaching call, like like literally everything is tailored to them. Um, but in JJ's case, it makes sense to make, you know, a documentary series. So what do we do? Uh we made that on short form. Uh if I go to his reels right here, we obviously crafted that on short form and then we
[0:38:04] also crafted it on long form. So if you go to latest right here, you can even go into playlist and it's going to be here too. But if you go to the videos right here, uh this is episode 4, episode 3, two, and we started right here. We started when we were uh or when we just left Miami when we just came back cuz I told him it was a good idea. You're doing it short form wise. It's popping up. It's like blowing up on short form. is really good, why don't we do it on YouTube as well? So, we did it on YouTube, started the series um documenting his second million to platform payouts um and essentially went that route and now it's converting like absolute crazy. So, again, when you can show the viewers um a you know progression throughout, it's going to sell like like crazy. Um cuz the viewer
[0:38:49] might join I'm going to break down how this even works. Um, a viewer might join or see your first video at day number 67, let's say, right? Uh, he sees your first video on a real, day number 67, but then he's like, "Okay, well, this is day number 67." He checks out your profile and then he scrolls all the way down to the bottom, day number one, because obviously he wants to see how you got to how many payouts you're at now, like $500,000. He obviously want to see every single day. And what does that viewer do? He benches the entire uh documentary essentially, right? It's the same thing with my content. Um, I'm only at like day number I don't even know, day number eight, I think. Right now, uh, we're at one or 2.8 million right now. When I'm at day number 30, for example, um, then obviously we're we're going to be at like maybe 3.5 mil or 4
[0:39:36] mil or whatever. Um, and the people that are watching that can go back in time and watch day number 1 2 3 4 5 and then all the way up. So, it's super binge watch uh binge watch worthy as well. Because again also what you have to understand on YouTube and Instagram is that there's a metric called session time. So session time is different from average view duration because average view duration is per YouTube video. Session time is session time meaning how many YouTube videos do they watch on average before clicking off your profile. Uh and when you create uh trading content that is going to be binge watch worthy such as a documentary where you you know go over day number one, day number two or week number one, week number two, week number three and so on long form wise. So we did it in weeks on long form, we did it in days on short form. Um they can always go back and watch day number one or week number
[0:40:22] one and then watch the entire documentary. So there's so much uh session time being added right there which will boost your entire uh profile on Instagram and also on YouTube, right? Uh which is which is really good. So on YouTube we did weekly um formats instead of daily um on long form weekly on short form daily and then showing the trades, wins, losses, payouts and everything. um and and pretty much went it that way. So again, these are super um I would say middle of funnel pieces of content because again it's not something that's super broad, but it's also something that is pretty niched and pretty like targeted towards intermediate traders cuz he does go over his strategy and his approach. Um and then obviously every single video and every single piece of content we help uh post for trading uh our trading client JJ is obviously
[0:41:08] results based leading down to the foundations of everything on what we did his USP niche ICP and everything in between right um so that's essentially that with the documentary right and again when someone watches um a documentary on day number let's say let's say he starts day number one or week number one if that Lee and that viewer is going to watch day number two three four five, six, all the way up to day number 30 and then all of a sudden JJ has made $100,000 extra in payouts or we've made our trading client a million dollar more uh selling his trading course. Then obviously what's going to happen that viewer gets insane FOMO um and he wants to buy into it as well. This is literally the same thing I apply to to my brand um which I documented day by day on story sequences, documented
[0:41:53] day by day on short form and now I'm making this video on how we scaled them from 8K per month to $1.2 million per month in 4 months. And if you don't get FOMO out of that, I I just don't know. Like this video is meant to create FOMO for you so you can obviously join our program and so we can help you scale to these kind of numbers as well. Um like that that's that's how it is, right? And when I show it day by day on story sequences, uh two months in a row, $750 a month, day by day, and also $1.2 $2 million a month day by day. Then obviously once you a a lead watches that enough times then he's going to be annoyed at himself because he's not at those numbers uh which our clients are. And then what what will he do? He'll buy into our program cuz we he knows that we can help him as well. Um and that we can help you too. So we do it. It's the same
[0:42:38] principle. Um it just works so so good. And I've seen so many people starting cop start copying this. It's quite funny. But I mean when you when you do good everyone will start copying you. So, that's just how it is. But again, this needs to be tailored to your USB, your brand, your way of doing things. Um, it can't just be, you know, generic and just copy pasting someone else cuz that's not going to work, right? Um, but anyways, let's get into the pinned reels on Instagram. So, what you can do on Instagram is actually pin the top reels or not even the top reels, but just reels that you want to pin. Um, I do this for our trading or not, yeah, our trading um, what's it called? Our brand, not trading, just brand where we help scale trading in courses, obviously. Um, so I have the top pinned reel which is a full breakdown of how we scale our training client from 8K to 1.2 mil. Another one, how we scaled 8K to 750K,
[0:43:24] how we scale another client from 20K to 325K. So I just you can pin your top um reels or the reels you want to to have at the top essentially. Um, for JJ's example, this is super smart. We helped him do this as well. First of all, it's a strategy video. Um, quick strategy breakdown. it. It goes over his numbers, builds a ton of FOMO, um, and then CTAs towards YouTube. Again, not DMs, not hard CTA, not hard pitching, just YouTube. You want to have all the people from Instagram converted over to YouTube. So, they start binge watching your YouTube videos, they start going from a cold lead to a warm lead to a hot lead where you can convert them. And that typically happens on on uh YouTube, right? Um, so again, funnel them from IG to deeper long, you know, long form content essentially. So, strategy
[0:44:09] breakdown going over numbers. Then, this is the day number two um of the second million-doll uh series. So, you want day number two or one or three at the top. So, people can see that, okay, well, he's at day number two here. And then they go through some of the other reels and then he's at like day number 70. And then obviously what happens then that lead is going to go and scroll down and start watching day number 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 all the way up, right? And then another pinned reel is Pure Proof talking about payouts, showing text reports. We told them to do this as well because that is super beneficial. Um, and then the business banks and just everything like that. Like all of these three reels right here is enough for a lead, a fresh lead that's skeptical about trading gurus, trading mentors, and so on to understand that JJ is actually legit. Again, we tailor that to his USP. Um,
[0:44:56] because his USP is about being legit and getting, you know, he's got like X payouts, like 1 point something million dollars in payouts, right? And these three pin reels at the top will um will pretty much help that. Right? So that's the pin reels. You can do this for your uh trading uh brand as well. It's it's super beneficial and we help JJ implement this as well and all our clients. Obviously, there's way more to the content side of things that I just cannot go over. That's only for our trading clients. Um cuz there's there's just too much. This is like like I don't even know like a tenth of what's really going on behind building and growing a SC, you know, a trading brand. And obviously that trading brand and that marketing through trading content organic specifically will drive all the revenue once the backend system then is on point the offer the fulfillment the sales and everything like that. Um so all our content frameworks all our
[0:45:42] resources modules softwares SOPs everything that JJ and all our other trading clients gets access to uh is the same way they all grow. Um again you can see from 300 subscribers to over 20k in 4 months and we made them over 2.7 or $2.8 $8 million uh made from this, which is just just nuts, right? Um 90% of the leads driving through and coming through YouTube and converting through that and then 10% from IG's and and so on and so forth, right? Um so if you want to access that, obviously that's inside our program. But that's kind of like the broad overview of the trading content that we help JJ upon. Um this has been a 46 minute video already, bro. Or like Yeah, 46. That's crazy. Okay, this is going to be a long ass video, but this is like I'm giving you guys all the [expl] sauce here. Um, so yeah, I hope you're I mean, if you're still watching
[0:46:28] this, I know that you're taking it seriously with especially with your trading brand as well. Um, but there's a lot here. So, let's go into the trading offer now. Everything we help hop on when switching from a $200 a month Discord community um to now a group coaching offer priced at $6.5,000. how we switched this, how uh the content inside his brand also um pretty much converted over to allowing him to sell high ticket because again if you're selling low ticket, you're posting lifestyle content, you're going to attract lowquality clients. You're going to attract younger people, you're going to attract brain red people, you're going to attract beginner traders, which is not ideal for high ticket sales. Not impossible to sell high ticket to beginners. It's just harder obviously because again beginners tend to not that have that much pain uh when trying to become profitable because they haven't
[0:47:14] been trying to become profitable for enough time yet compared to someone that's been unprofitable to you know for two to three years then obviously he has a ton of pain and he wants to change it instantly compared to someone that's been trading for 3 months that don't have that much pain you know um so the original offer JJ was running was a $200 a month Discord community it was with live trading a group community there's no structure no like proper program, no guarantee, no nothing pretty much. Uh, which obviously we needed to fix, right? So, first of all, the offer was no structure in in there. There's high churn. Um, churn meaning unsubscribing. So, people that joined $200 a month on average, they unsubscribe after two months, meaning the LTV, the lifetime value is around $400, which is so [expl] bad. Um, the AOV, the average
[0:47:59] order value is obviously $200 because that's what they join at. It's not high ticket. There's no payment plans. It's just a $200 uh subscription, right? So low low price point, it's going to attract beginners because low ticket equals lowquality clients, which typically tends to be beginners. Um, which is the opposite of what his content reflected on. So everything about his uh trading offer was wrong. Essentially, everything about a low ticket is wrong. Uh, for 99.999% of traders out there, unless you're fully lifestyle based, uh, then it might work. uh again that you should switch your content, you switch should switch your messaging, your positioning um and so on through your trading content so that you can attract high uh high ticket buyers essentially, right? So again low price means low perceived value. Um again you
[0:48:44] can take this as as an example of let's say you're buying $5 shoes compared to $1,000 shoes. Which shoes are you going to take more care of? Obviously the thousand shoes compared to $5, right? um low perceived value through a low ticket. Essentially, low implementation, people don't care. His students didn't care because again, it's low ticket. Why would they care? If you spend again $5 or something, you don't care if it gets messed up. You don't care about it. You can just do whatever compared to spending $1,000 on some shoes, you'll keep them clean. You'll actually care, right? Same analogy. Uh and then low implementations from your students, even though you have a good trading program. Uh and JJ had like a decent program uh with the Discord community like fulfillment wise and deliverables wise. Um people just wasn't taken seriously because it's low ticket, low perceived
[0:49:29] value, low quality clients. People don't care. They can dip and only lose out on $200 essentially. AOV again was stuck at $200. This is what they buy on average. The average order value uh because they don't have any other, you know, plans. They can only join the $200 a month. So AOV was super low. There's no guarantee. there's no contracts because with a high ticket you need or you don't need but it's very beneficial to have a risk reversal and a guarantee in your offer. Um and obviously high ticket wise you need onboarding and you need you know email sequences uh when when they you know obviously join. We'll get into this way later. Um also contracts and everything right? So when you have a low ticket you tend to get a lot of disputes a lot of chargebacks a lot of refunds. It's just a headache. A low ticket is
[0:50:14] the definition of headache. low ticket equals lowquality clients and low ticket also equals high volume [expl] clients pretty much right um so every single month JJ ran that offer that low ticket Discord community he was leaving six figures worth of revenue on the table uh because of the cost of opportunity so if you don't know what the cost of opportunity is um is essentially if you don't take action on something it's what you could have been making if you did take action for example let's say that JJ uh didn't join our program right now we've made him close to 3 million uh in like 4 months or so. Um, and if he didn't join, he would have lost out on 2.8 million, right? Um, so he was at 8K per month. Let's say he just waited 3 months to join our program instead. Then obviously in those three months, he's going to make 8K, 8K, 8K per month,
[0:51:01] meaning 24K. But if he joined our program, then he obviously would have made $750, $2,000, a million dollars, right? So if he didn't join, he would have lost out on, you know, 2 million or 3 million or whatever the difference is between actually taking action versus not, right? That's the cost of opportunity. That's also why that if you I'm just going to be straight up. If you don't take action on something with our program, for example, just an example, um then you're going to, you know, miss out on what you could have been doing numbers wise. So, let's say that you're at zero, you want to do 30K per month, um, and you, you know, don't invest into us, you don't take action or whatever, uh, or any any other program. If you don't want to to join our program, then you're going to lose out on 30K per month. If you could have been at 30K per month with that program, right? Same opportunity, uh, cost for JJ. If he
[0:51:46] didn't invest in into us, you would have lost out on 2.8 billion over 3 to four uh, months, right? So anyways, going back to the trading offer, the offer suite that we help him build. Again, this is tailored to all our trading clients. So, some trading clients of ours is going to run one-on-one mentorship as the main offer. Others are going to run group mentorship. It depends on your situation, where you're at, um the capacity for one-on-one. It depends on how much money you're making right now. Uh it depends on a lot of things, right? But for JJ specifically, the office week that we help him build is the main offer, which is obviously group coaching. We have oneonone, which is oneonone, and then we have a downell right here. Um, and the pricing wise, if you want to know, it's $6.5,000 for this. It's $40,000 for the one-on-one upsell, and it's $2,000 um for the
[0:52:31] downell, right? Again, no high or no low ticket offers here. No mid-t offers. You can argue that this is a mid ticket, but it's a downell. So, it's a high high ticket downell um because we don't want to attract beginners. We don't want to attract retas that's going to dispute that's going to want, you know, refunds. We don't want to attract people that won't take it seriously. Um, we don't want our AOV low. We don't want our LTV low. Like, there's no good things about running a low ticket. High ticket is always superior compared to making uh money off a low ticket. Low ticket, again, you're going to get the most headaches ever, high volume, a low commitment from your students, low money. High ticket is the other way around, right? So building the main offer, what we helped JJ upon was obviously switching from the Discord community to then switching to the high
[0:53:16] ticket, creating the offer suite, um creating and crafting the offers like every single specific offer was included, the deliverables, the fulfillment, uh and everything in between. So instead of running a one-on-one as the main offer for JJ, we switched to group coaching instantly because with oneonone he already got like when he joined within the first like 3 or 4 days he got like five one-on-one students on made like I don't even know 20k or something. Um so oneonone wasn't really that important. We wanted to switch to group so we can scale because obviously oneonone um does have a cap to it because you're capped capacity wise. Obviously, you cannot take unlimited people on as one-on-one because you're selling a one-on-one time. Um, compared to group coaching, you can pretty much take unlimited people on with the right systems, the right onboarding, the right contract uh
[0:54:01] contracts in place and, you know, the right fulfillment, right? So, oneonone became the upsell instead of the main offer and group coaching just scales um way way better obviously um while staying high touch enough for real results for his trading students, right? So again, one-on-one will get you up to 30, $40, $50,000 per month, maybe even 60,000 if you're pushing the limits capacity wise with one-on-one students. Then once you're at that point, you ideally want to switch to group coaching to scale even further to scale to six multi six, seven figures per month. Um, which is obviously what we help all our training clients upon crafting. Like again, it's tailored to them. Um, and you can't just copy someone blindly. Like you can't just take this in, you know, this video, just copy it step by step. Um, because it's not going to work. um because it's it got to be tailored to your brand obviously, right?
[0:54:46] So the shift in terms of price obviously we went from a $200 a month subscription to a mid four figures uh group coaching again 6.5k 40k and then 2k um and the guarantee behind it as well. So if you don't have a guarantee with high ticket it's going to be hard harder to sell. It's not impossible but it is going to be harder to sell. And a guarantee is where you guarantee results and obviously it's uh conditional based so they need to do x in order to get x right. Um, so because the offer was priced properly, um, a real conditional guarantee could be built in. So his guarantee is that if you don't get at least one payout within the program duration, um, you get a full refund essentially. And obviously since launching, uh, we have zero disputes and zero refunds and zero chargebacks. And we help all our trading clients get to this point. Uh, because again, this
[0:55:31] allows them to scale. This allows them to get no refunds, no problems with payment providers, no nothing. You can even see it right here. >> You're going to withdraw it now. >> Quarter ticket. Y >> look at this. >> Yeah, >> that's free. >> Zoom in there. Right there. >> Look. Wait. Scroll up. >> Yeah. So, Sarah disputes. >> This is good fulfillment 101. >> Yeah. >> Not like every [expl] trading guru out there. >> And obviously show resolution center as well. >> Resolution. You don't even know what a resolution center is. >> Look right here. Zero close case, zero open case. There's no disputes. Um we don't we don't we don't do disputes and stuff cuz we just never get them cuz again, trading content is on point. trading offers on point. The reps, the sales team is not overselling. Um, the prospects knows what they're getting into. There's a guarantee behind it, a
[0:56:17] conditional guarantee obviously. Um, and everyone is just on the same page. When the prospect is not being oversold, um, and underd delivered, then why would they ever dispute? When they know what they're getting into, they are getting results because it's a good program, it's a good fulfillment, it's a good offer. Um, everyone is happy, right? So, going into the premium one-on-one upsell and the one-on-one mentorship, JJ's own students are pretty much capable of making at least $50,000 per month trading prop firms, right? Once they've obviously implemented what he teaches. So, that means that a 35k or 40k investment um for direct personalized one-on-one access to JH um to the person that can get there, it's not really hard to sell. It's literally just reverse engineering the math and the numbers behind it. Right? So if on sales call um
[0:57:04] you can you can get a prospect to understand that okay well if he makes 30k per month just um then he'll make 30k time 12 which is obviously $36,000 and you are investing 35 or $40,000 into that right it's not hard to sell at all uh when the prospect knows that they can get this out of it and they actually can get that out of it because we have a lead fulfillment and we help all our trading clients create the trading mentorship and the best fulfillment in the entire industry um it is not hard to sell. That's the same thing as us charging, you know, high ticket, but our high ticket is a like mini like mini percentage uh compared to what they're making. Like um for example, JJ joined now he's made over close to 3 million in four months. Over 12 months he'll make I don't even know like maybe 8 million, 9
[0:57:49] million, you know what I mean? Um and all our training clients like it's it's not hard to sell when everyone knows what the outcome is. Um, so yeah, that's essentially that with 101, right? Obviously, downell offer is not just a watered down low value offer. It is still a four-f figureure investment. Still $2,000 uh in between mid to high ticket, right? And the purpose for downell obviously is just for people that cannot afford the main offer or doesn't want the main offer just as of now um and that wants to still be inside. So again, this main offer gets pitched 90 92 93% of the time um as the main main pitch. Then obviously if a sales rep of our sales team can see that this guy is super qualified then he can pitch you premium 101 for 40k doesn't
[0:58:34] happen very typical or on average um and then main offer gets pitched and then if the prospect obviously cannot do painful first of all on the main offer 6.5k if he cannot do financing on the 6.5k and if you cannot do a payment plan on the 6.5k then you go down and pitch downell uh and make downell sound um like a steal essentially because it is a steal but you don't want just pitch downell straight away cuz why would they ever buy the main offer then? You know what I mean? Um so that's the route when pitching, right? So again the purpose is just to get more money out of the leads is for the leads to join uh that don't want either to you know invest the full amount or don't have the capital for it. So financing wise this is something everyone that sells high ticket. If you're planning on selling high ticket or if you're selling high ticket and you don't have financing, you're missing out
[0:59:20] on too much money. Uh and because we are lucky enough to have uh processed over eight figures through our trading clients, over seven figures through ourself and through different payment providers, we have the top top reps of each you know payment providers. Uh we get first priority so we can get financing for our trading clients if they got processed uh x amount already, right? Um which is pretty nice. So with no financing essentially, let's say there is a payment plan upon five months, $1,000 each month, then obviously JJ gets 1k each month. But financing wise, um, a student pays 1K each month to his bank or financing provider, whatever. Um, and JJ gets the full amount up front first day. So, essentially, if you have financing, let's say that you took on a payment for financing, $10,000, uh, you're going to
[1:00:06] get $10,000 upfront, which is obviously a win-win. Always the most amount of cash up front is good because then you can reinvest into the business and cash flow is just, you know, superior um, compared to getting payment plans over time. And then the prospect also can split it up into 3 months, 6 months, 12 months, 24 months through financing. So it's also better for him. So it's a better way of financing. It's good for prospects and it's good for the offer owners itself pretty much, right? Um so a finance provider pays JJ upfront obviously minus fees. There's like 5 10 15% on some payment providers when it comes to financing. Um and then JJ gets everything up front instead of trying to chase payments essentially. uh cuz some people might drop off here, some people might drop off here, some people might drop off here, right? The LTV through,
[1:00:53] you know, payment plans is going to be lower than obviously through financing because you get everything up front with financing, right? So there's no chase, you know, chasing late payments. There's no uh risk sitting on JJ's side obviously um because financing is just superior. But again, you don't pitch financing first. What you pitch is card payment paying full then you pitch financing paying full for you and then they split it up and then you pitch payment plans which obviously is where you both split it up. Um and then worst case you pitch the downell obviously and then the worst worst case you then go into pitching deposits so that they can join later on right um and obviously because we have a very very good relationship with both fan base and w um all our trading clients gets lowered fees they get financing um or at least if they haven't processed through any of these softwares yet um then they get
[1:01:40] first priority to financing because obviously these process pro processors still need to see that you're legit and you've processed before and stuff like that in order to get lower fees and stuff. Um, but everyone under our company pretty much gets first priority and um, a good relationship uh, we have with uh, the providers because obviously we've made them a ton of money. Anyways, when selling high ticket and when going into the offers such as the premium 101, the main offer, and also the downell, you should have contracts for each, which is also something we help our training clients set up and even do it for them sometimes. Um, so every single offer JJ sells has a contract behind it because obviously you need to cover the exact scope of work, what's included, what's not, the guarantee and a specific qualifying condition. So it's a conditional guarantee, meaning that the prospect obviously cannot just join, do
[1:02:25] nothing, and expect a payout. No, they join, do X, Y, and Z to get a payout. And if they don't do X, Y, and Z, they don't qualify for the guarantee. Pretty self-explanatory, right? Um, everything like this, we also help our training clients. Uh we have all our templates from all our clients that anyone can use if they want to. Uh we even set up you know the uh the the stuff on sapier the onboarding uh the contracts everything is automated because again manual does really scale. Um so so we do that for trade plans anyways. Um also zero disputes zero chargebacks and we also keep track of every single contract because it is good to have contracts stored um so you can always go back and look at them. And obviously a client when joining a high ticket program for JJ does not get access until he's signed the the contract. Um and we have that
[1:03:11] fully automated. So manual contract sending if you're chasing signatures, you're doing it yourself. Manual accent, you know, access granting like you're sending, you know, uh checkout links with free checkout links on W manually to get them access to the course. You're sending like manual stuff does not scale. All right? You shouldn't have anything manual in your business, even at 10K per month, 20K per month, because you're spending time on something that could be automated through either systems or people. Typically, systems, right? And systems is obviously best cuz they tend to not break. They tend to not, you know, there's not a chance of them lacking or slacking. Um, you know, systems are just better. Um, but anyways, we help all our training clients set up the automated onboarding sequences regarding the client pays, then triggers to the contract sending once the contract has been signed through their email. Um then they
[1:03:57] obviously get access to an email sequence uh with welcome. Then we get access to a type form to market research. We'll get into this in just a second. Um and then get into the program and the duration and everything is like everything from A to C when it comes to onboarding. Uh is fully automated for all our training clients including JJ. We set up set that up for him as well. Um because again manual does not scale. manual becomes a boss snake for anyone selling high ticket and with high ticket offers you need uh contracts in place otherwise you'll run into a ton of problems right um so that's why we help all our trading plans set up automatically um since manual again does not scale anything manual related is not scalable uh you should always look at your program your trading offer your trading mentorship you should look at your sales team you should look at everything in your business uh just not
[1:04:42] content because content obviously cannot be automated um unless you have a faceless brand. But faceless brands are inferior compared to face brands. Um not saying that faceless doesn't work, but face showing face just is best especially in this trust recession um market and a market full of gurus and mentors. Um a face is best. But anyways, anything else than trading content should be fully automated or delegated to people or um automations essentially. So, trading offer, onboarding sequences, um like literally everything operations wise, team mentorship, just always ask yourself, is this something that can scale to where you want to scale to, right? If you want to get to 100K per month, ask yourself, okay, well, is this automated? Um, regarding onboarding
[1:05:28] sequences, can this scale to 100K per month without breaking? Can my, you know, operations scale to 100K per month without breaking? Can my trading mentorship scale to 100K per month without breaking? Uh, can my sales team scale? Like, you know what I mean? always just reverse engineer your path to those numbers. If you want to make six figures per month selling training courses, then what's required to get to six figures per month, right? Um, but anyways, we can get into that later on in terms of uh reverse engineering the uh the path. So, this is going to be a long ass video, bro. We are on chapter 3, but this is so much so much [expl] sauce. Um, but anyways, let's get into the operations and the backend side of things, the software stack behind a seven figure a month, oneplus million dollar a month trading business. Um, now these are all the softwares that we use for JJ. is not something that's necessary for everyone. Again, this is why it needs to be tailored to you because you probably are in a different
[1:06:15] situation compared to JJ right now. You are probably not making 1.2 million right now. Meaning, you don't need all of these softwares. You need some of them. Um, and obviously, luckily for our training clients, everything is one-on-one so that I can guide them through, tell them what to do, tell them how to do it, when to do it, where to do it, uh, software related, content related, offer related, mentorship related, like everything in between. Right? So, for JJ, we use go high level. Um, we also use close sometimes which is just another CRM specifically for the sales team. We use iClO for bookings, Vistia for VSSL hosting, kit for emails, type form for market research, duck sign for contract signing, Sapia to get everything together. Um, it's just an automation tool and it ain't for some onboarding sequences um, which is pretty advanced. You don't really need to use it. I mean, you need to use probably
[1:07:00] half of these if you're watching this, maybe even a third. But again, that's why it's oneonone. So it's super necessary that that you don't download and pay for softwares that's not necessary right obviously Discord as well Fathom for the sales team for the sales bot end of call records uh and so on track your to track trading content and Luca Studio for tracking sales metrics and sales team right um so there's like what 11 softwares I think 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 softwares that we use for JJ and obviously you probably don't need all of these it's different at each stage in the business uh when which is obviously why our program is a one-on-one so I can guide you through everything. Um so yeah that's that. Anyways let's get into the first step of this which is the funnels um and the booking systems essentially
[1:07:45] go high level close I close right. So the funnel um on go high level we use go high level for CRM regarding funnels automations and some of the back end. Then we use I close for booking you can also use go high level it's the same principle. Um, you have your booking form right here to capture the person, the name, the phone number. You have what they're struggling with, so some pain points to understand what this prospect actually needs help with. This is also so our sales team can use this when dialing them up. Um, and then whether they're obviously a fit if uh if they're, you know, financially qualified, uh, if they're actually serious about it and so on and so forth. And there's obviously also ongo um you can set up the uh the auto disqualify. So if they have less than 1K to invest, they get sent into a different sequence where a sales team
[1:08:30] dials them up and tries to close them over phone because they have got you know 1K or less to invest uh which obviously then they don't qualify for the high ticket main offer. They might join the downell that's why our sales team reaches out. Um you can have different DQs and you know qualifiers through these automations on go high level and I closed uh before the call right then what you can do on on Iclo as well is have the entire pipeline. You can get the sales team to uh pretty much fill out the uh the scenarios and outcomes on uh iClOse. You can do this on high level as well through pipelines. I can show you show show you in just a second where you can see the last like one 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 calls. Uh you can see all the payments here 6.5K unqualified 6.5K and then so on and so forth, right? Um so this is for our
[1:09:16] sales team again. This is for us so we can track it. Um, and we just have full visibility uh into exactly where every single lead sits, why they didn't close. We have Fathoms, meaning if you don't know what Fathom is, it's an AI recording software of Zoom calls, so we know exactly the common objections. We know what happened during the uh the call, the sales call and everything in between. We just know where every single lead is and what happened to every single lead so that there's no bottlenecks, right? So that also leads me to go high level. You can go into pipelines. um you can pretty much make different pipelines for different uh things. So for example, you have a closed pipeline where you can drag people into that closed pipeline. When you drag that, you know, email and name into that, then you can trigger something else such as the contract sending and then once that triggers, then once that signs, then you can trigger something different regarding
[1:10:01] the onboarding. There's a lot of systems that we obviously help all our training clients set up uh done for you too. So just like we did for JJ pretty much, right? Um which also then goes on to the next thing which is Vista. Yeah, the hosting and tracking of the VSSL. So, if you don't know what a VSSL is, it is the video sales letter on a funnel. If you go to JJ's right here, um, let's go to which one? Let's go to this one right here. Um, you can see that this right here is the VSSL. Right now, we're split testing different funnels, which you also should. You should always split test funnels. Uh, meaning split testing just having two different things up and then tracking what's obviously performs best and then doubling down on that. So, right now, we're split split testing this funnel and also another funnel. Um, but this is just some some like an example for you to show, you know, see what a VSSL is. VSSL is this right here.
[1:10:46] This is what is going over um obviously the journey, what they need to do, get them hype, get them to book a call, and so on and so forth. We have the header. We have the guarantee risk reversal FOMO scarcity based booking form. Um you know testimonials, screenshots, booking form again after testimonials after screenshots more payouts of his payouts. So more proof based stuff booking forms and then obviously some more stuff right. Um but again we can go into the copywriting and the copy of this funnel later on inside the copywriting because there's a lot of copy that needs to be done properly in order to get a good converting landing page and a good converting BSL. Um, so if you go back right here on Vistia, uh, you can essentially track your VSSLs, you can track your play rate, you can track your conversion rate, you can track your
[1:11:31] retention rate, um, your clickthrough rate, engagement and everything like that. And then you can link that and we also link that for our training clients to some other softwares where you can then track it on, for example, Locus Studios right here. Right? You can make different task, different tabs and everything like that. And then once you obviously track and pretty much go over everything logistically uh you can have a real visibility into what is lacking. So let's see that you you know let's say that you see that the play rate is super super bad but the retention rate is super super good. Then obviously people are not clicking on the VSSL but people are watching the VSSL that means the VSSL is super good because the engagement rate is super good. People are watching until the end but the header or the way the VSSL is presented before they click on it is bad. So again, when you track everything, you
[1:12:17] can see where the bottlenecks are, what you can fix. Um, same with play rate, same with, you know, clickthrough rate on YouTube, same with retention rate on YouTube. Um, and so on and so forth, right? So again, the more you track, the more you understand where the bottleneck is and where you can improve upon it. So we help our trading clients track all of this as well. We have different uh tracking softwares and different tracking sheets connected to look studios as well like this and so on and so forth. Um so we get access or our clients get access to that too. Now we get into the email sequences um which is obviously first of all before even sending emails you should have your um domain um pretty much verified so you don't land in spam. That's the last thing you want to happen. Um and then you can do stuff like this email sequences for different uh things
[1:13:03] different approaches to those email sequences. You can have optins, you can have onboarding forms, you can have triggers, um, and everything is obviously connected to the domain. Everything is connected to the emails, the kit, then from high level to kit to optin. Like all of this BS essentially, um, that you don't want to do is what we do for our trading clients, including JJ as well. Um, so our trading clients don't have to think about this because again, we've done this for so many trading offers, scaled so many trading, you know, clients at this point. um we have everything dialed in fully streamlined uh and also with our team so our clients doesn't have to do all of this BS because imagine you're spending a few hours a day on this when you could outsource it or at least outsource the building of it um so that you don't run into all of these problems and all this time being wasted doing BS stuff that you know uh something else could you you
[1:13:50] know you could focus on marketing instead right so we help our train trading clients upon all of that now email sequences uh you have the opportunity and we did this for trading our trading client JJ as well. Um, you have different email sequences for different uh scenarios essentially. So, you have email sequences for a freebie lead. You have email sequences for an applicant that has not booked yet. You have email sequences for closed people regarding the onboarding form and welcome email. And then you have you can have email sequences towards people that didn't close. You can have email sequences, you know, for people that didn't show up to the call. Um, and just different, you know, nurturing mechanisms. um to go over different scenarios uh that happen, right? No show, no close, uh didn't book, freebie
[1:14:35] lead, uh closed and so on and so forth. Obviously, we set this up for trading clients too. Then we go into the type form. We also help you know our trading clients set this up too, including JJ. So once someone actually becomes a student, once someone joined your program, you need to understand why they joined your program, what made them join, what was the tipping point, where did they find your content? Was it on Instagram? Was it on YouTube? Which specific YouTube video? How long was the buying journey? What almost stopped them from buying? All of this market research you can essentially fuel into your business to, you know, make the business better. Right? If you see that everyone joined from one YouTube video, for example, then what do you do? You double down on that concept and that, you know, a video essentially make a new one, right? Because that video did really good. Uh if everyone joined because the VSSL was so good or whatever, then obviously you know that you need to
[1:15:21] split test different funnels to split test the conversion rate of that VSSL, right? So again, market research form is just super super important. Uh we also help our training clients set this up. So as you can see right here, I can obviously show all the answers and everything. Um but we have first name, emails, and um this is our onboarding form right here. Um because we have that too cuz we want to know, okay, well, where did you come from? If you're going to buy our service, was this first video you saw? Uh have you seen multiple videos? Uh which platform? Um what was the tipping point? What what made you buy? Was it the results? Was it, you know, case study videos? Whatever, right? So, we help our training clients set that up too as well. And then obviously automating the contracts for JJ because the last thing you want is send manual contracts. That's not going to scale. You need to have a contract for all your offers in your offer suite
[1:16:06] such as for JJ group coaching, premium 101, and also downell. So, we set this up fully automated for trading clients as well when it comes to onboarding uh and and pretty much contract sending and triggers different contracts for different prospects when they close for sales team. And no manual work is pretty much done right here, right? because manual doesn't scale. Um so that leads us to the next thing which is the automation layer which is sapier. If you don't know what sapier is is essentially just what is the glue to every single automation in the business right? Um so sapier moves information between uh different things and you can have saps for pretty much everything. Uh you can have SAPS for new applications. So our team, our sales team gets notified and our sales team can dial them up can you know move them on go higher level can get them to book a call. Um and
[1:16:51] obviously applications is through again I closed up here um right here. So whenever someone fills in this right here then obviously that saps into Discord. On Discord is our sales team. Our sales team sees their name and their phone number. They dial them get them to book a call if they didn't book a call and so on and so forth. Um another step you could do is close deals. So you have contracts that get sent to that closed deal with that email. So again, no manual work, sign contracts, you can also make saps upon that uh when they join the program and everything. You can also do payments. You can do failed payments. You can do um contract store. There's so many SAPs I can get into just a second. Like look at all these SAPs right here uh that we also help our trading clients uh set up, right? And then obviously the difference between a business that can only grow as fast as a human team can manually keep up um and
[1:17:36] then compared to a business that handles real volume without hiring 10 extra people just uh just to move information between tools is obviously a business that's going to do way way way way better, right? Um so some of these apps we set up for JJ and we set up for our trading clients is for example application save here uh SAPS I mean um so every single new lead that actually comes in that does not book immediately lands in here. So our sales team can reach out. So as you can see lead didn't schedule the call. There's the name, phone number, and then obviously our sales team dials them up. Our setters dials them up. And then we have meetings. Obviously again we have the prospect's goals, the struggles, the investment level. Uh we have the assigned rep as well. So we have you can see right here meeting scheduled for when at which time what's the name of the lead, what's the phone number, what's the email, what's the Instagram
[1:18:22] again. So our setters can reach out on Instagram on JJ's behalf. Our setters can reach out on WhatsApp on their behalf. uh they can dial them before the call to qualify them, make sure that they'll show up. Uh we have the pain points of the prospects right here and their investment uh capacity essentially and then obviously assigned to which rep right here. Um then what you can do as well on discord is start you can get your setters if you have a sales team and we get our trained clients that has a sales team our in-house sales team specifically on this as well. Uh we can get them to start a thread. So a threat just is something on discord next to your channel that gets autodeed after 7 to 14 days. set reaches out to D obviously then makes a threat talks about the situation of this guy's um like you know concept or whatever he want to want to achieve with with trading right if that guy has worked the 9 to5 before just any context that will
[1:19:09] help the sales rep right um you can do that on on discord as well and then obviously again say per notifications and so on we also set that up for trading clients then also cancel called steps um so we can log these as well and why they cancel so we can get market research um budget DQ financial DQ and so on and so forth. Uh we also have payments so who paid how much and what method. So we can see method split. This is financing how much they paid, what their name was, how much they paid. Like you can see this is just one day July 25th. Um 2K payments, 6.5K payment, 3K payments, 6.5, 6.5, 4.5 and so on. Um and just hyping it up. Like you can see all our, you know, reps, they they pretty much just spam the emojis on these because obviously everyone's making money, right? Then we also have
[1:19:54] another SAP with failed payments. So the moment a card declines on call, it instantly um triggers into a SAP with failed payments. So we can see why the payment failed so that our you know sales team can obviously handle that on the call or if it's a payment plan renewal um then we can also see why it didn't renew and then our sales team can dial them instantly up um and pretty much collect the payment, right? because same minute follow-ups uh instead of a loss payment just just makes you way more money. Um and I don't I don't know why no one is pretty much doing this but again we also set these steps up for our trading clients so we can see why they declined how much they declined and which clients they declined. Um if that's on a sales call again or if it's a payment plan that needs to be renewed so we can always collect the cash. Then
[1:20:40] more steps we have is end of call reports. We also have end of day reports. So end of day regarding each setter, each closer and our sales manager on what they've been doing today, how many calls they uh took, um the productivity level, how much they made, so on and so forth. And then we also have end of call reports. So every single sales call that gets uh taken, we have reports upon the sales call, uh the notes, the fathom link, so we can again see the entire sales call. we can see where they came from, the email, the setters, the closes, the date, uh, pretty much everything when it comes to the, you know, call report. Um, and then we have end of day reports as well. And then also this call report gets feeded into our sales team, uh, and also our custom AI butt inside the Discord, but I'll be getting this uh later on as well. Um, which we essentially have a
[1:21:26] client bot, a an AI bot that gathers all of this data and figures out common objections that can be then reused and taken care of inside the content, for example. So it's an infinite feedback loop essentially, right? Then that leads us to the sales discord because again we also set this up for trading clients. We get automated uh notifications through everything when it comes to Sier. Um and then if that's applicants, booking payments, uh crypto payments even um contracts, failed payments and so on and so forth. Um and then obviously also the operations of the team. So every single call is locked, every single outcome, recording link closed, uh the documents, the contract is stored. Um Sapier just is the glue to everything. Sapier can pretty much glue every single uh software that we just went over inside
[1:22:12] one Discord essentially or Slack, but we don't use Slack. We use Discord because it's more it's easier to navigate and it's free. Slack is overpriced and not not very good uh in my opinion at least. But Sapier just uh glues everything together. And we obviously set up all of these softwares for all our trading clients, including that we did it for JJ obviously, right? Um and then we have our AI butt right here, which is essentially recording and scoring and learning from every single call. So every single Fathom gets automatically sent into our AI butt, which we have our AI butt with uh data upon all our trading offers, all our trading clients. Uh so we can get feedback on what we can do better when it comes to the content side of things. So let's say that this AI butt right here figures out that a common objection is that the prospects are not warm enough. What does that
[1:22:58] mean? Well, that means that JJ should make more content that's more based on middle of funnel content to warm them up and bottom of funnel content to warm them up even more, right? So again, all of this from all of this feedback from the sales team and the calls itself gets fed into this butt and then we know what to do moving next. Uh we also the butt also automatically rates it um you know compared to our other like 2500 sales calls or something we've had um across our clients or even 3,000 at this point I can't remember. Uh it goes over why this call was good takeaways top three pain points. So again we know this for data data reasons um obviously defathoms and everything like that right. So custom discord butts is also something our trading clients gets access to. uh just pulls the prospect's pain points,
[1:23:44] the goals, the reason for buying, the hesitant uh hesitancy if there's any uh and just scores the call on discovery and the pitch and just everything, right? Um which is really really really good. So we don't have to do it manually. Our sales manager doesn't have to manually go in and watch every single call, only a few calls um instead of watching like you know 30 sales calls a day because we have no we got we have more than 30 sales calls a day. Um, so our sales manager looks at this instead and if it's like let's say one out of five stars, then obviously he goes in and flags it and then he watches the call review, right? Um, so that's that's really good. I haven't seen anyone in the industry get this or make this but too. So that's pretty nice. And all our trading clients gets access to it. So that's obviously lovely. Um, for our butt obviously as well, we also have instant payment links. So some clients,
[1:24:29] for example, um, will need a $4,975 payment link, right? Uh then obviously if you use and ask this butt which is obviously active 24/7 um you can essentially make a payment you know link for a different amount for a different program and on a different platform and with different financing. So again our sales manager doesn't have to manually do this stuff. Um, if let's say our sales manager is sleeping, uh, and our sales rep is on a sales call with a prospect and he needs a custom payment link, then instead of just waiting for the next day and maybe, you know, losing a a payment essentially because he didn't have that payment link ready, obviously, he just asked the uh, the to do so because the is active 24/7. Again, everything in a business can either be automated or delegated to people and typically automated and automated stuff
[1:25:16] scales uh, if you've done it right. Um, so JJ's team, our sales team, uh, that we've put on for JJ can collect cash at any hour without being busted by a manager's availability. So obviously we have our entire sales team that we have our sales manager that manages our sales team and then obviously we manage our sales manager, right? So we also have custom AI tracking everything behind the scenes. So we can see again I can use this bot to see the follow-ups and the $300,000 to collect right here. who is to collect their emails, their phone numbers, how much it is to collect, when is know when they last paid um and just tracks literally everything when a student paid, how much when the next payment is due, why the visibility, uh everything like that. So again, this bot makes us so so much money. It makes our life way easier for our sales managers,
[1:26:01] for us, and also for our sales team that's on JJ's offer. We'll get into sales team later on, right? Um and also payment plan completion rate is above 95%. So if you have a high ticket offer obviously you can also have payment plans to that high ticket offer. Um but because we have built the fulfillment side of things and the sales side of things and the offer side of things so good uh the completion rate of these payment plans for JJ is above 95%. Which is insane like average is probably 60 to 70%. So that's really good. We help all our trading clients upon that. Uh also with the AI butt as well. Now, track your wise, um, if you want to know exactly which trading content brings in revenue compared to brings in views, you can use Tracko. It's the best organic tracking software. Um, and you want to
[1:26:46] use this because let's say that a trading video of yours gets, you know, 100K views, but you then find out that it makes $0 revenue. That's obviously not optimal. Um, compared to another video getting 5K views or 6K views or 10K views, but it brings in six figures in revenue. Then obviously, you need to know that this brings in revenue. you can double down on that video compared to not doubling down on this video right here, right? Um, so you can see some of the videos that we helped, you know, JJ Craft made over 100K, 200K. We even got a video that made $900,000 from one YouTube video, which is insane. Um, and last uh, what's it called? Last 30 days, we cash collected and tracked over $1.4 million for for JJ. Uh, which is just insane through organic trading content obviously. And then obviously you can
[1:27:31] track the click in, the opt-in rate, the booking rate, um, and so on and so forth. That leads us to once you obviously let's let's walk everything. Let's walk over everything again. Funnels right here. We went over that. Uh, close CRM is more advanced. It's not needed unless you're doing like multi6 figures per month. I close booking system. You can also use go high level. Vista, VSSL, storing kit, emails, type form, market research, docu sign contracts. Sapier is the glue to everything. Same as NAD, just more advanced Sapier. Uh, Discord is obviously for the sales team, everything. uh gets put in there. Fathom is for the call recordings. Track your office for tracking trading content. And then we have Lucer Studio for tracking the sales metric and also the sales team. So if you go down to Lucer Studio right here, we also have this template that all our training clients gets access to um where you can turn all of this data from the sales team and
[1:28:17] everything into a custom uh board essentially, right? So you can see that this is the look right here. You can see the cash collected, revenue, cash to rev. You can pretty much customize this. Um and again, all our training clients gets access to this immediately. So they don't have to manually make [expl] make it or spend time doing random [expl] right? You need to move with speed if you want to scale a business. Um, and luckily for all our training clients, they get access to our top performing stuff for our top performing clients. So they can replicate it and take inspiration from it. Um, so every single system inside this locus studio obviously generates real data. So we can use that data, you know, to see if okay, well, is the AOV down for a certain week? Okay, why is the LTB down or AOV down or why is the cash per call down or is the close rate going down? Okay, that might be a content problem. That might be a conversion problem within the, you
[1:29:02] know, VSSLs. So, again, you can reverse engineer this when you track it. You need to track everything in your business. Otherwise, you'll never know uh what's really the bus, right? Uh show rate, obviously, offer rate, PIFF rate, pitch to close rate, LCV, we're tracking on a different uh different looker studio, so it's not here. Um and then meetings, shows, pitched, closed, AOV, uh just everything like that, right? Um and again, all of this data is here. So we can help that through trading content. So we can understand, okay, well is the AOV down? AOV might be down because of the trading content isn't attracting older people anymore. It's attracting more younger people. The messaging and positioning through trading content is wrong. Okay, is the conversion rate uh bad right now. Okay, that might be a funnel problem. We need to switch the funnel. We need to switch the messaging and the conversion and the copy on the funnel. Um like when you track stuff, you'll figure out where the
[1:29:47] bottleneck really is. Um because otherwise when you're not tracking it, you wouldn't know because you don't know what you don't know. If you're not tracking it, how would you ever know what the problem is? You just don't know. Um, so we help our training clients upon this as well, obviously. Um, and you can see the progression here as well. It's it's pretty [expl] sick for JJ. Look at this. Um, just insane numbers. Um, but anyways, that's in terms of the locust. On another locust, we also track our sales team. And again, we do this for training clients that need a sales team. We put on our in-house sales team because we have the best sales team in the entire industry. um because we spend a ton of money and we have a a very good goed you know sales manager but also closes and setters wise and overall team performances. So you can see this right here is just sales metrics. Uh this is more sales metrics but you also need to
[1:30:32] track your sales team uh when you want to scale because again you need to understand who on your sales team is performing the best, who is performing the worst, who could performing better um and just the metrics of each closes, each setters and the overall team structure and overall team performances. So for closes we also track obviously their name calls due how many calls have taken um calls closed close rate of each cash collected of each the commission of each is also how we calculate commissions for our sales team but we need to send that out setters again calls set calls showed calls closed show rate close rate cash collected set of commissions and then we also track it overall team performances. So again if you don't track your sales team individual statistics you don't know who to give in bonuses to you don't know who to give incentives to. don't know who to fire uh or who to replace or or so on
[1:31:19] and so forth, right? And obviously, we also help our training clients with this too. In terms of the Looker Studio, all these softwares I just went over, uh we help our trading clients with we also help with trading offer, trading content. It's like we're full stack obviously with our consulting and also our agency. Um so that's pretty [expl] sick. Uh but anyways, also team placement if needed and management if needed and vetting of our in-house sales team. But again, uh, sales team only makes sense at a certain level and a certain, you know, revenue threshold. We'll get into this later on with his sales. Um, but anything below that threshold, you should learn sales yourself, which is also something we teach uh our trading clients upon. But we'll get into this as well and how we customize this for JJ as well because he started out with selling himself and then once he got proof of concept, once you hit that threshold, then we took on our in-house sales team to scale even
[1:32:05] further. But anyways, um, this is a long video. I hope you guys are enjoying it. Let me um it's getting hot here. Let me just turn on AC and I'll be right back. All right, so let's get into the trading mentorship as well cuz we also help JJ on crafting the entire high ticket trading mentorship. We help all our trading clients with this. Um so, so let's get to that. Now, group coaching first of all was the right call for him because oneonone obviously has a ceiling and also oneonone um he made pretty good money in the beginning. So once you hit a certain threshold of like 30k, 40k, 50k per month or just make your first 30 40 50k with a one-on-one, then ideally you want to switch to group coaching. But again, this is tailored to every single trading client we have. So it's different from everyone. Uh which is obviously the beauty of it being one-on-one, right? Um because obviously
[1:32:51] with one-on-one, you only have x hours in the week. You don't have unlimited. Um but with group coaching, there's way more leverage obviously. So oneonone is best to sell. There's also the route we took with JJ selling oneonone first then after 30 40 50k um then switching to group coaching. So what's actually inside the group coaching? Obviously we have group coaching calls. This is the backbone of the program. Every single call is stored as well. Um and then instead of JJ answering the same question 50 times in DMs or in the group community or whatever um it is just one video that answers that question. Um, so you create leverage for yourself and then obviously we help our training clients build the course outline, the fulfillment, the deliverables, the resources, the documents, the road maps for trading clients, students uh, and
[1:33:36] everything like that because if you didn't know, I had my own trading mentorship and my own trading brand back in the day. I scaled that from zero to uh, to 50k per month in 4 months. So I was running a one-on-one mentorship. I was running a group mentorship uh with my trading students back in the day before I switched to obviously B2B helping trading you know coaches scale. So, if you didn't know, I actually do what I'm teaching. I had my own trading brand. Um, traded myself for three years, became profitable after three years. Then a year into it, I started my trading brand, scaled that up from 0 to 50k a month. Then after that, I transition into B2B to help others trade uh or not trade, but scale their trading brand. Um, instead of like, you know, the normal people that, you know, try and scale a business that they've never scaled themselves, like other people trying to scale trading businesses when they've never had a trading business
[1:34:21] itself. So they don't know how the fulfillment runs. They don't know how the trading offer runs. They don't know trading content, how to make it, the formula behind it, the foundations. They don't know because they've never ran that business, which is obviously [expl] But I had ran my own trading mentorship 101 and group and had my own trading brand, got over 100K views on some YouTube videos, so on and so forth. So obviously uh I'm know what I'm what I'm teaching and that's why we can get our clients such good results obviously, right? But nonetheless, uh these get stored obviously. Then also with group coaching calls, there's a private community, group coaching community where you can share wins, ask questions, see other people getting results. Um, and obviously when they share wins, you can leverage those wins on story highlights to get more people in. You can get testimonials from that to again fuel the entire program. Um, and fuel your entire training content, bottom of
[1:35:07] funnel videos to get more clients in. Um, and then what's very very important when creating a high ticket mentorship is that you're structured out in phases. Um, so you have phase number one, two, and three. And if you don't know what this im like does, um it essentially ups your completion plan rate or payment plan rate, completion rate, um so that you have a maximized LTV essentially. Because again, if a prospect joins, let's say for 2K, let's say your program is $6,000. They join for 2K up front, 2K after 30 days, and 2K after 6 days. So let's say like this, 2K here, 2K uh after 30 days. Wait, let me actually write this down. probably after 30 days and then 2K after 60 days, right? Um obviously if he gets access to
[1:35:52] everything in the program, he joins a payment plan, why would he ever renew, right? There's at least a lower chance that he'll renew because he got access to the entire program straight away. But what we help our trading clients with as well is splitting the mentorship up into phases. Meaning that if they join on a payment plan, they only get access to phase number one, which is typically uh the foundations to everything. some psychology, some strategy stuff. And then when they need to get access to phase number two, they need to renew their payment plan. And phase number two is more in-depth about how to get, you know, getting payouts and passing professions or whatever. Um, and then in order to get to the next, you know, stage, which typically tends to be scaling profs, copy trading and whatnot. Um, then they get access to that once they complete their third payment. So you maximize the L2B uh lifestyle value per customer instead of a customer just
[1:36:38] joining and getting access to all three at once and then leaving, right? Uh so we help our trading clients set this up as well in terms of the course modules. Uh it unlocks in phases after X days uh in phase number two and three and then also resources and coaching calls. And there's plenty of ways to do this. We help our rank fans do this to maximize the LTV because the last thing you want is someone joined for 2K and then they leave instead of getting $6,000 out of that, you know, lead and customer obviously, right? So, this protects completion rates. It also keeps students engaged deeper into the program and it also helps them not get overwhelmed because if a student joins and he gets, you know, all these fee phrases in the face, then he most likely will be overwhelmed. So instead split it up um and give access to you know certain people after certain days to maximize
[1:37:23] the LTV and to not make them overwhelmed like crazy. But again we help all our trading clients maximize the LTV and then you should also track your LTV but also we help our trading clients with that um as we went over. Anyways duration wise of this training mentorship that we crafted for JJ uh is a six-month duration. So obviously if you have it for one to two months um there is not enough time for for students to implement it. can't really split it up into phases either. Uh you can't have payment plans of like three months. Um and it's just not optimal, right? Six months for group mentorship is the most optimal. Uh because that is actually where you can get a student to put in work and obviously get results. And if it's more than 6 months, then there's no urgency, right? You should look at it from a a prospect POV. If you're selling lifetime, which you should never do, by the way, if you're
[1:38:09] selling lifetime, then why would that, you know, student take action now? He he won't because he knows it's lifetime. they'll just wait three to six months and then just do whatever, do nothing, right? Which obviously means that your student results uh and and you know case study rate uh is going to be low because they just don't take it seriously compared to if they know that the there is a duration cap on it, they'll take it way more seriously, right? So you shouldn't do it too short, you shouldn't do it too long. For a group mentorship, 6 months is the average. It is the sweet spot. For a one-on-one, it's in in between 3 to four months. Um so what is left out in the group coaching? Because obviously group coaching is specific thing and you don't want that specific thing to give out everything so that your prospects cannot upsell after after they're done with the group coaching obviously because again you want
[1:38:54] prospects that join the downell you want them to upsell to the main offer and then upsell to the upsell and you want people that join the main offer to upsell to the you know obviously upsell like upsell to the high ticket one right uh and then obviously on all of those offers you want people to renew after as well. So again, you maximize the LTV through upsells, renewals, uh, and so on and so forth, right? So in group coaching, there's obviously no one-on-one access. There's no direct support from JJ, um, because they would break the model. Why would like why would anyone upgrade to one-on-one if they get one-on-one in the main offer for the group coaching, right? So that's that in terms of the uh, left outs. I mean one-on-one is pretty much just one-on-one and the group coaching and then one-on-one resources, one-on-one onboarding calls with documents and road maps which we also give to our training
[1:39:40] clients and JJ uh too and then some more one-on-one chats. Right now in terms of tracking your entire mentorship, you should also do this. Um you should track the completion rate of payment plans. You should track uh you should track the student success rate. You should track how many people actually join um and why they join through market research form and stuff stuff like that. you can double on that content and and so on. Um and then you should also track the logistical stuff behind the uh the mentorship itself. So, you should have a referral program. Track how many people come through referrals. Um, and how many people actually, you know, come through with payment plans. Again, how many complete the payment plans because that's a super important metric because you need to understand the LTV of payment plans because if you can up that if you can just double the completion rate of a payment plan, you'll double your business. Like, it's so it's
[1:40:25] insane. Yet, people don't don't focus on it. But, yeah, it's it's just crazy. Anyways, also referral program. We held this for all our trading clients to set it up. Uh, and then making sure that no payment slips through the cracks. Obviously, we went over that failed payments are one of the quietest ways a coaching business bleeds money. Um, because either a card expires, they get a new card, a bank flags, some kind of charge, a limit gets hit or whatever. We also have SAPs for that as you can see right here. Uh, so we help our train client set that up too because if nobody notices these, that's just revenue that's just drained and lost, right? Um, and most failures are just because of simple bank friction. And then obviously when we get notified this our team can reach out um and then get that payment you know sent through essentially right um which is pretty sick and then also
[1:41:10] knowing the real numbers you need to financially track your trading business right most people don't treat an info business selling trading course and mentorships like a real business even though it is a real business you've got marketing you've got sales but you also need to track the logistical side of things so financial tracking through referrals failed payment plans uh just failed payments in general um profit margins expenses on content, editors, designers, all of this eats up and adds a ton of you know you you have to understand it otherwise you just cannot scale. Um so you need to understand your business expenses you need to track your clients or at scale get a CSM so a client success manager to track your clients track the dispute rate. Track the refund rate if there's any um and track the payment plans again and just track the business expenses and income and profit margins. Uh most people don't
[1:41:56] do this. I don't know why but you should treat it as a business. Uh we're making over for our agency and consulting uh combined we're making over $350,000 per month. Um so obviously it's a business. Our trading client, this client is making over a million dollars per month. It is a business. Uh yet online info businesses doesn't get treated like a business. I don't know why. But anyways, all logistical tracking sheets for our clients, we have that as well. Uh including JJ. So he tracks his business expenses. Okay. What's his profit margins? Um what's his expenses? What's his payments? Payment plans. LTV. Um, as you can see, this is the LTV tracker right here that we didn't have on Looker. We have it on a different Looker in a different spreadsheet. Um, and we help our trading clients upon all of this because the financial and logistical side of things is super super important as well. So, group is the default. It is the main offer. Oneonone
[1:42:41] is the upsell. So, we also built the uh the oneonone for JJ. So, again, as you can see throughout this video, we help our training clients on everything. full stack, trading content, trading offer, operations, backend, software setup, trading mentorship, even going into copywriting, VSSLs and and structures, mentorship launch, and also sales and sales team and metrics and stuff like that. Um, so we're pretty much a full stack. Um, and that allows our training clients to get the best possible results because I've been through all of this before. I've had my own mentorship. I scaled that up and now we scale trading clients over seven figures per month as well. We have the best data, the best clientele, and the biggest clientele to then have data upon what works and what doesn't work for all our training clients because we only work with traders, right? So, obviously group coaching is the core most scalable offer, but oneonone sits above it because obviously you want to make extra
[1:43:27] money and if you like teaching people one-on-one, that's great, right? But obviously oneonone is always limited. Um, it's not something that's super scalable, but yet again, JJ makes over $300 to $400,000 extra a month just from, you know, oneonone. And also, you need to track your one-on-one payments versus group payments. See if it's even worth your time because at some point you run into problems if you're pricing too low on one-on-one that your hourly rate is not worth taking on one-on-one students at X price. Imagine you were making seven figures per month. Let's say $1 million per month. Uh you're working, I don't know, a 100 hours per month to use round numbers. Then you're making what? Almost $10,000 um per, you know, uh pretty much per hour, right? your hourly rate is like 10k, which is obviously insane. Then
[1:44:12] obviously it's not, you know, worth for you to sell a one-on-one as like $5,000 across four months when you'll spend way more than one hour on that client for four months. You know what I mean? So reverse engineering your uh what's it called? Your hourly rate and what's actually worth for you to offer. That's also why we offer this one-on-one upsell as a $ 35 to $40,000 investment because that's worth his time. Not 5K, not 10K, not 20K. Um but you get the idea, right? So reverse engineer your hourly rate and figure out if oneonone is actually worth what you're selling it towards and the pricing of it. So the system is to uh to build to surface the oneonone as an upsell and then you have uh the one-on-one um uh pretty much like student results and testimonials. You can leverage that because obviously oneonone typically on average gets a
[1:44:57] little bit better results than group coaching students obviously because you work closer with them. So, you want to sell the 101 as an upsell for the group coaching students right after either a win. Um, after they've got a payout, after they gotten funded, after they got their first breakthrough, or when a student is asking for it, you can upsell them as well, or when someone hits a wall that group coaching just cannot uh solve, like for example, needing more one-on-one help or one-on-one guidance, right? So, when you are pitching oneonone as an upsell for these main offer uh customers, you don't just want to randomly pitch because obviously that's not going to, you know, hit that's not going to hit home. You're not going to get a get an upsell from that. You need to pitch after they've gotten win, after they got a payout, after they got the breakthrough, after the hype, after they're at that top uh or when they're asking for it, or when someone
[1:45:42] just hits a one and one more personalized access, right? Because pitching at the right moment will make the offer close itself pretty much. Um, so super important when pitching the one-on-one. And then obviously projecting JJ's time, it's uh there's obviously a cap on how many people you can take on as one-on-one students. Um so that's why we offered as you know $ 35,000 to $40,000 um for that one-on-one. And that's obviously because we helped him reverse engineer his hourly rate and how much time he would spend on each, you know, client uh student and then, you know, going that way, right? So what's actually included uh in the oneonone and what isn't? So, first of all, structured scheduled calls is included in the one-on-one. Real direct access for support between calls 24/7 DM access is obviously uh also
[1:46:28] included. Personalized road map, personalized feedback, personalized um live trading journal reviews, whatever is also included. Fixed duration is also included. Obviously, if you do this lifetime, imagine like if you're selling oneonone or just anything in lifetime lifetime access, you'll run into a wall. It's it's it's so dumb. It's so dumb. always have a duration for it. Group mentorship typically on average is around 6 months. Um, which is a good sweet spot. One-on-one you can do it faster because you work more close with them, more hands-on, so you can do it for 3 to four months. And then a down cell you can do for like 6, 9, 12 months even. Um, and then obviously also inside the oneonone, there's full access to everything inside the group coaching, right? So we have these four main things as the oneonone and then obviously everything that's also inside the group coaching. Um but obviously again in
[1:47:14] terms of crafting the entire 101 the deliverables the fulfillment how to set it up the course outlines the resources when it comes to onboarding modules onboarding road mapaps um and everything I have ever used in my old trading mentorship for my old trading students is what our trading clients gets access to use for their trading students again that's why it doesn't make sense for anyone else that hasn't run a trading mentorship that hasn't run and had a trading brand it doesn't make sense for them to scale other trading businesses you know what I mean they haven't been through posting trading content. They don't know how to post trading content, where to post it, when to post it, how to go about that. They don't know how to fulfill for trading students, how to make a, you know, an unprofitable student go from unprofitable to profitable. They don't know how to structure high ticket trading mentorship. They don't know how to structure it in phases. They don't know how to, you know, train up the sales
[1:47:59] team to a specific training offer like, you know what I mean? Cuz they've never done it themselves. But obviously I have and that's one of the most beautiful things about what we do for our business cuz we've done or we're doing what I've done in the past. um when I had my training mentorship and training brand, what's not included inside your one-on-one is obviously unlimited uh time on calls or you know whatever like you need to set clear expectations when you run a one-on-one mentorship on what's you know what you're going to get access to in terms of the prospect and the customer and what the offer owner is going to do. Then obviously also in terms of structuring everything uh with the one-on-one mentorship, everything with the group mentorship, the down cells, the pricing, the deliverables, the fulfillment structure, the phases to to maximize LTV template resources, onboarding checklist, onboarding road maps, documents, PDFs, modules,
[1:48:45] everything that I again used uh is in here as well uh that I use for my training mentorship is what our training clients gets access to. Um so that's pretty pretty cool. And then obviously we have SOPs upon everything on how to structure it, how to deliver it, how to build it, everything. Um also with the phase structure in terms of the documents what they get access to on which days to maximize the LTV how to split up the content so they get access to certain context um in certain what's it called phases to maximize the LTV and everything like that right uh we have we have SOPs and resources and modules and templates upon it all. So that is uh pretty much trading mentorship that's that chapter. Let's get into the copyrightiting. Hope you're enjoying this video cuz holy value there is. Um, well, I wanted to
[1:49:30] make this video super super in-depth cuz this is the by far, not even to sound ignorant, but this is by far the best testimonial and case study video on YouTube of any info industry in any niche, any whatever. 8K, four figures a month to 1.2 mil a month in four months is the best case study uh there is I've seen ever. So, I wanted to make this video super in-depth so you can learn everything we did for him and potentially I'm also obviously making this video so that you can see why you should join our program as well because we can obviously help you scale as well. Um why otherwise like if I wasn't making videos then you know um I'm making these videos to get more money for myself but make more money for you obviously. Um but anyways let's get into copyrightiting and VSSL funnels. So in VSSLs in VSS uh funnels and in copy
[1:50:17] because copy is everything. If you don't know what copyrightiting is, it's everything in terms of marketing, title, thumbnails, funnels, headlines, uh, subjects on different funnels. It's the VSSL is the copyrightiting inside the VSSL. Um, there's even copyrightiting you can say on sales calls because everything is copy. It's the way you say things. Um, and so on. So, two levers behind copyrightiting. There's pain, right? Someone can stop scrolling because you name their exact pain and their exact situation. And then there's also curiosity. So you get them to click by hinting at a solution uh without fully handing it over. Obviously FOMO based right now the golden rule between or in behind copyrightiting is uh you should never sell the program. So when we create a VSSL we don't try and sell the program we sell the next click.
[1:51:04] Same thing with story sequences. We don't sell the program on a story sequence. We sell the next click if or the next you know DM or the next step. So with copywriting, you should always sell the next step because that next step is going to take you to a next step and then next step and then next step and then all of a sudden they're on a book call instead of just trying to get someone to buy. That's why we don't have checkout links either because it doesn't make sense. You should sell the booking first, you should sell the application, you should sell the post booking and then you should sell on call. Um so also in emails for example, you sell the click for them to click on the link inside the email. So you have hook retention reward inside the emails with proper copyrightiting proper again going over their exact pain their exact situation also making curiosity based so that people will click on the link in the email then obviously that sells them
[1:51:49] to the application then application makes them click on the book a call that sells the booking and then that clicks obviously sell that booking will obviously sell them on a call uh where we obviously close them through our sales team right so through copyrightiting this is some more advanced stuff I'm not going to get too ind depth about it cuz it's it's very like uh niche and it's not something that's needed below like you know uh six figures even um you just need to crack it but obviously again we use this for all our training clients but I'm going to keep it short uh copyrightiting wise marketing angles you can use different marketing angles for different uh seasons essentially so an angle is let's say that you have an angle where it's summer right now you say there's a lot of volatility during summer months um then obviously you leverage that marketing angle you twist it to your advantage same thing with um New Year's
[1:52:35] for example New Year's angle is really good because then you can talk about that the unprofitable prospects didn't become profitable in a whole year of 2025 or 2026. Um, and then you can use that and twist that marketing angle to your advantage when pitching or when selling the next click. Um, so marketing angles, if you know the psychology, the underlying psychology, the subconscious thinking behind it, um, then then you're pretty much good to go. when it comes to copyrighting, you need to understand why it actually works and understand how you can twist different things on social media to get different outcomes. Um, but yeah, it's it's very very advanced. Anyways, uh angles you can also use uh on launches. So, you can use launch angles to launch your mentorship. You can use quarterly angles, you can use seasonal angles again like new years and stuff. You can use specific pain points
[1:53:22] angles um on unprofitable traders they're overtrading over leverage. You can go into different angles upon that. social proof angles um and everything like that. And obviously we have SOPs for everything um when it comes to copyrightiting and the angles of each and how to actually leverage this through copyrightiting because it is super important. Um and every single piece piece of copy rotates between three massive types. So you have testimonial uh copy, you have case study copy and breakdown copy. Um and you're never really running two hard pitches back to back to back essentially. um you'd rather sell the click, get them to a new um you know um step and then again go back and forth and stuff like that. Now obviously because we have all our trading offers that we run, we have a ton of consulting clients and some agency clients. Um we obviously have a pretty pretty good data um stored from
[1:54:09] our AIS that are writing these VSSLs essentially. Um so what you can do on YouTube to give you guys some source um if you go and you want to create a VSSL obviously first of all you have to have the VSSL framework um we help our training clients get that from our top performing clients um but then you can go to these YouTube videos >> and essentially go in the description go to transcript if you have Vid IQ downloaded uh this right here uh then you can go to transcript copy transcript put that into cloud and then take template of the bsl we also provide for trading clients and then tailor that VSSL to your brand voice by still using the framework. Um that's like a quick quick system to use. Um so the top performing videos and top performing VSSLs, we have that for all our other trading clients so they can use it leverage. Um so again DVSL is going to
[1:54:56] sound like you. It's going to sound like your way of doing things. It's going to you know mix in with your student results, your results trading wise um and so on and so forth. Um but yeah, again more on this is uh covered inside our program too. Now anyways also context and human review loops. Obviously the systems runs um but obviously you still need to feed it with the brand owners offers the voice the angle the marketing uh marketing angles and you need to understand why this actually works the psychology behind copyrightiting because the last thing you want is just rely on some random AI that like where you don't even know these no foundations behind it because that's going to be so bad and that VSL VSSL is not going to convert for example. Um, so you need that too. Email and SMS system for copyrightiting as well. We have different email sequences
[1:55:41] and different SMS blasts for pre-launch, post-launch, evergreen. So just continuously um, you know, sending freebies specific and also weight list. And then SMS is another copy that needs to be on point because emails is copyrighting in itself. VSL is copyrightiting on headlines there's copyrightiting and also in SMS copyrightiting. Um, so SMS is post booking um, uh, reminders. It is pre-all reminders, it is SMS blast, offer freebie optins, you can even run um and so on and so forth. And moving on, we also have the VSSL. So this is the highest leverage copy in the entire funnel because the VSSLs uh will get your voice, your energy, your payouts, your face, every you know everything essentially into one VSSL that performs super good. And obviously in order to
[1:56:27] know that it performs good, you need to track it. Um, and you need to understand what a good VSSL actually looks like, the framework behind it, the psychology behind it, what, when to pitch, how to pitch, how to go over your story, and everything in between. Um, tailor that to your trading content, your brand, your USP. Um, and then you're pretty much good to go. But again, because we are lucky enough to work with only traders, we have our entire database upon the best performing VSSLs uh, across all our trading clients. Then that feeds into our program that then feeds into all our trading clients getting access to that. So every one of our clients pretty much uh progresses together and outgaps everyone else in the industry. Uh which is which is pretty nice. Anyways, two VSLs for JJ. We help him craft will help them script and everything in between. We have the scheduled call VSSL. Again, just to
[1:57:12] create urgency to book now instead of later. Again, you're not selling the program here. You're selling the booking uh for the prospect. And then we have the post booking right here. you're not selling the program that much a little bit in the post booking uh at least more than in the schedule call VSSL but in the postbooking you're selling them that they're going to show up to the call and selling them that there's a lot of urgency and scarcity throughout and it's limited and stuff like that um which is super good we also have presentation templates upon the post booking so all our training clients gets access to this they don't have to make presentations that's going to take 10 hours um and don't even know if it's good or not we have the top performing that our clients gets access to um and obviously we have SOPs upon everything again based based off 100 plus trading offers and trading clients that we've worked with. Now, moving on to the funnel page and copy. Uh we have pretty much the freebie
[1:57:58] landing page and copy right here. So, headlines, picture of it, get access to it, and then a booking right here. Just something extra. Um and then we have into the thank you page for the freebie. Again, once they opt in, once they click right here, we have a new funnel um where they get it in their email obviously because this triggers the emails. the triggers go high level. This triggers kit because you don't want to send, you know, emails through go high level software because it's not it's not going to, you know, land in primary inbox or even promotions. It's going to land in spam. So that's why you should use kit instead. You also set this up for a trading client obviously. Um and then you have the thank you page for the optin, the freebie, uh where you also have a weight list if they want to do that. Then you also have the copy for these, you know, other funnel. This is the funnel that we're split testing alongside this one right here. Um, so
[1:58:45] different, you know, uh, topics, different headlines, different risk reversals. Um, same VSSL, but just different, you know, formatted. Um, and different brand colors and stuff like that because we're always split testing. Cuz if you're not split testing, then you don't know that it might have been better to, you know, switch funnel. You should always split test anything. Uh, because what what's the worst thing that could happen? There's nothing that's worse that could happen, right? You just figure out what works based best based off data. So, we have um some some funnel up here. There's obviously page number one. I mean, yeah, you can just scroll down here. It's the same principle. Um, student results, student or I mean booking, and then student results, testimonials, and then his own uh results as well. So, this is the landing page copy. Then we have the post booking copy with the presentation, with the reminders, what they need to do,
[1:59:30] more frequently asked questions and everything like this with the post booking, the schedule call, the copyrightiting is also what we help our training clients. We even set it up done for them. Um, and they get access to all our templates, all our VSSL structures and everything like that. Again, way more stuff right here uh based off 100 plus offers that we've run. Now, copyrightiting is also included in Discord announcements, especially doing pre-launches. So, again, this is the same principle with hook retention rewards. You need to have proper copyrightiting on Discord announcements, SMS blast, VSSLs, funnels, emails. Uh because copy is pretty much the foundation behind actually getting a lead to, you know, look at it, watch it, and then be engaged to do a certain scenario and outcome, right? So, we have that as well. Um, we have different anticipation building teases regarding
[2:00:17] Disco announcements, pre pre-launches. We have the hook, the proof, the CTA. We have direct um posts when it comes to CTAs, wins based content drops, urgency post, um, and so on and so forth. And then what we also have for trading clients is that they can actually track this if they want to. We have tracking sheets that are connected to different, you know, Lucer Studios where you can track your emails, you can track your performances, you can track your VSSLs, you can track pretty much everything because we have all the all the tracking assets for that. Um, and copy is by far one of the most important things when creating um a a reason to why a you know customer should convert essentially. Um because if the copy is wrong, then it's not going to hit that prospect. It's not going to make them resonate with it. It's not going to make them read until the end. it's not going to make them
[2:01:02] blush until the end. If it's a VSSL, it's not going to make them opt in. It's not going to make them interested. Uh, so you need to have copy on point in order to actually scale. Uh, which is also something we dialed in for JJ um, and we dial in for all our trading clients. So that's copywriting. Um, super quick, super quick phase. It's super important, but I mean it's it's super advanced um, and it's it's not something that we can I mean I can make another video on this, but yeah, you get the idea, right? Anyways, moving on to the mentorship launch. Um, so when you launch a mentorship, when you either go from low ticket to high ticket, you should also launch it 99.9 uh% of the time. Sometimes it doesn't make sense to launch, but if it doesn't make sense to launch, then you should do an evergreen launch. So there's different launches when launching a trading mentorship. Um, so a launch is just not some magical
[2:01:47] button where you just, you know, like press it and then all of a sudden you're making more money. Um, no, it's what's going to lead up to a launch. So, it's a pre-launch where you have specific Discord announcements for specific days on specific forms of copy. You have specific Discord announcements, emails, SMS, story sequences, maybe even YouTube videos um for specific dates again to hype up the entire program to you know create scarcity to create urgency uh and everything in between. So, JJ's audience was actually ready to buy um once we created this pre-launch. So, if you are running a low ticket right now like JJ did, what we had to do is obviously first of all, this is in a step-by-step format. Uh, that's why I've created the trading content first, then the trading offer, then the operations and stuff like that. That's why we help all our
[2:02:32] trading clients dial in like every single aspect of the business. First, dial in trading content. Obviously, that's key number one. That's the most important thing in your business because without marketing, without content, you're not going to get any leads. Without leads, you're not going to make money. So, you have trading content number one. Then go into trading offer, which we also help upon. Then operations back end we also help upon then into trading mentorships with your film instructor and then once that's done alongside copy then you go into the launch. So again it's not something that you know just happens like this. It's obviously not easy to build and scale and manage a seven figure or even six or even multi-6 figure a month trading info business. There's a lot behind it but we have our full stack and we help upon that's also why it's oneonone based. So a prospect joining at 10k per month needs something different right now to scale than someone joining at $0 per
[2:03:18] month, right? Um so that's why I have the onboarding calls with our clients to guide them in the right direction, give them a road map, give them a checklist so they need so they pretty much know what to do uh moving forward, right? But anyways, um this obviously before launching you should have your offer locked, you should have your marketing on point, funnels test, copy tested um and then also audience is actually ready to be warmed up, right? So, uh, in terms of the, uh, the launch itself, again, we have the pre-launch right here. We have, um, I mean, we can go even more in depth about this, but it's not something that's super important right now. I can again make a separate video about this later on. Um, but building the pre-launch in itself is the most important thing when pre-launching. So, you need to know, okay, which Discord announcements to create on which day when you're starting the pre-launch. Uh,
[2:04:04] and a content calendar that all our trading clients gets access to. So, day number one, day number one story sequences, day number one emails, uh, and so on and so forth. And then obviously you have proof stacking during this window. You have, you know, you tailor this pre-launch to different marketing angles. So, okay, well, is this pre-launch tailored to a New Year's angle? Is this pre-launch tailored to you switching from low ticket to oneonone? So, it's a one-on-one mentorship pre-launch. Is it a group mentorship pre-launch? Is it a summer pre-launch? Uh, is it seasonal? like you know there's plenty of pre-launches regarding marketing angles that we just went over inside the copywriting. Um so it's very important that that fits with the copy in itself. Right now obviously um the warmest followers that JJ had uh they were the ones that would most likely buy at the moment they got
[2:04:50] chanced or got engaged towards directly. Um so DMs, story sequences, emails, Discords, SMS blast um and so on and so forth. Then you have this entire pre-launch sequence, right? So you can choose uh the right launch. Now there's different again there's different launches. There's the evergreen launch, there's oneonone launch, there's seasonal marketing angles uh pre-launch. Um and there's even like different offers to launch and so on and so forth. Again, this is why it's oneonone because again, if it wasn't oneonone, then how would you know what to do? Um pretty much, right? And we're obviously lucky enough to have worked with only traders. So, we've tried every single funnel, every single pre-launch. We've tried every single mentorship. We've tried every single trading content piece. We've tried everything in a trading business to gather data. So, you don't
[2:05:35] have to uh go through months, quarters, years of trial and error. You get access to the best of the best instantly. Um, so that's pretty pretty sick. And then, I mean, again, there's there's more to pre-launch, but I don't want to make it too long. I can make a separate video upon this. Um, for most people, pre-launch is not what's going to move the needle. is not what's going to 5x the business right away and what's going to 5x the business is locking more in on trading content through our frameworks our trading offer operations wise this is a big one because if you don't have any operations or any automated backend systems or you don't have the conversions on point you don't have the systems on point then you can't really scale and you can get the best trading content make the best trading content in the world but if you don't have the backend systems on point then it's useless right so the highest levers for 90% of traders with a trading info
[2:06:21] business is trading content trading training offer, operations, very important, training, mentorship, also super important. Um, and then copywriting and then the sales part of things. And then launch is kind of like a bonus. Uh, which is obviously super good if you want to, you know, switch from a different offer to a different offer, you want to make seasonal pre-launches and so on and so forth. Now sales is also if not I mean trading content is number one in terms of highest level, operations is number two, sales number three. Um, and then mentorship and stuff like that. It's kind of like glue. It's like if you don't have it then your business will break kind of thing. But if you don't have these then you're not going to scale the business. You know what I mean? Um so if you move into sales now it's very important that sales you have to understand that if you are below 10k
[2:07:06] per month 20k per month it does not make sense for a sales team to be put on your offer. All right a sales team that's talented will not work for an offer you know making [expl] all making $0 per month. Right. So JJ because he joined at 8K per month, he learned sales himself first through our sales training. Um we have training upon setting, the discovery, the pre-handling, the pitching, the closing, the objection, handling, deposits, the follow-ups, everything within a sales team and our sales manager. We have full sales training upon that. Meaning JJ learned sales himself first, which is the key foundations to anyone below 20K per month. Right now, why this matters? Well, first of all, if you don't understand how sales actually works, not even to know talk about sales is
[2:07:51] literally everything. Sales is how you talk in content. Sales is how you talk to a woman. Sales is how you talk to different people in real life. Sales is everything. If you don't understand sales and these things within sales, you don't have it dialed in and you're making less than 20K per month, then you cannot tell a closer once you scale to above 20K, once you get a sales team, you cannot tell a closer if it's doing a good job or a bad job because you don't know because you're not good at sales yourself yet, right? Um, and then you can't coach them when a call goes wrong. That's the problem. You can't spot whether the offer or the pitch or the sales rep or the objection handling or the discovery phase or the pre-handling is wrong. you don't know what's wrong because you haven't learned sales yourself yet, right? So sales is one of the most important things uh learning um that you need to learn yourself before actually outsourcing to a sales team
[2:08:36] because again if you don't know it yourself and it's hard to train up people, it's hard to manage people um if you're going to do it yourself. Now our clients gets access to it in-house. Our sales manager manages these people for them. But still you should still learn sales yourself first. Then once you want to scale, get a sales team and then you know what's what the leaks are if there is any leaks because there will always be leaks, right? Um so if you don't know um sales, you're just hoping that the person on the other end just just does his job good. And typically people, you know, don't do that um after some time because they either slack, they make too much money, they get comfortable, or they're just not good because you don't know if you don't know sales, right? Um, so we teach all our clients including JJ, which is the most important thing here. We taught JJ sales first in terms of setting, discovery, pandling,
[2:09:21] pitching, closing, objection, handling, deposits, and follow-ups. And then we took on our sales team. Obviously, our in-house sales team, right? So, we taught JJ upon everything through our sales frameworks, trainings, SOPs, modules, call reviews, resources, documents, fathoms of previous calls on why they closed, why it didn't close, and just pitching training training upon everything when it comes to sales. And then what happened? Well, JJ made $22,000 in one week selling himself, right? So, he self set his own appointments. He self-closed his own sales calls. And he learned the full call structure through discovery phase, pre-handling on a sales call, pitching and closing, objection handling if it's needed, and also how to collect payments, deposits, follow-ups, and he made 22K selling himself, right? Which then leads me to the next point
[2:10:07] which is then you can get on a sales team because then now there's actually enough money for a sales team to be incentivized to work for you and he knew now the foundations of sales so that you can spot something uh is going wrong maybe potentially later on in the business right because again if you don't know sales you cannot teach other people what you don't know right but luckily for him we have our go to sales manager um that pretty much manages vets vets hires trains does call reviews does call coaching for our in-house sales team and we have now over 12 reps I'm pretty sure on JJ's offer. So, six setters and six closers. Um, which is very, very nice. Now, again, you can see through our consulting program right here, he uh this is like a few months ago. Um, he said he did 28k rev first week, 22k cash collected as we just went
[2:10:54] over um in seven days himself, right? Um, and then he said um look, 8K per month from one month uh that's pretty much it. And then he said like when uh let me see let me see wait where did he say how much do I got to make first month of group membership to get a trip to Dubai cuz I flew out um our our other client to Dubai because we scaled him from 0 to 50k per month in 30 days. So I flew him out to Dubai. J texted me how much he got to make to get flown out. Um and then what happened? Well, we made him well over 100K first month. I even said 75K. Um, but he did well over and then obviously the month later when we did 752K uh we flew him out to Miami and our team out and had a blast and scale him in
[2:11:40] real life which is obviously just just I mean just lovely. Um but anyways he closed 22k in a single week himself um entirely on his own through our sales frameworks and everything like that and then that actually makes sense for a sales team now to be put on. So luckily for us, we have the best sales team in the industry that's only been on top leading industry offers, including our own now. Um, so when I say top leading industry offers, I mean Q Banks, Mamba FX, AlexG, TDR, we have reps that are the best of the best. Um, and now luckily we are, if I think we are the biggest trading offer right now. Um, doing 1.2 mil a month. We're going to do 1.4 1.5 mil this month. we are the biggest trading offer right now because TGR has died down because I know the
[2:12:25] offer owner of him. LSG also is not super inconsistent because I'm good friends with the offer owner there too. Um so yeah, I'm we're pretty blessed to uh to be the biggest right now. Um and it's all organic. So that's pretty pretty cool. But anyways, at 8K per month, 15K per month, a business cannot pay a genuinely scaled, you know, rep uh what their time is actually worth because again, a sales rep gets 10% on average in this industry. a seller gets 5% on average in this industry. Meaning if a sales rep when I sell a sales rep, I mean a closer um he gets 10%. But if you're making 10K per month, let's say, then obviously that's 1K per month for him. It's not even enough to pay his bills, bro. It's like it doesn't make sense for a sales team. Like anyone that has a skill, you'll get outreach every
[2:13:10] single day pretty much from reps that want to work for you. But if they want to work for you and they're going to make $500 a month, 1k per month, they're not talented and they they just want to build themselves up and they're tend to not be good because there's a million reps out there and there's also a million bad ones and only a few selected that's actually good. But then once you scale above 20k, 30k, 40k per month, then the math obviously makes sense for a sales team to be put on. Because if you make 20k or 30k per month, that is 2,000 3,000 $4,000 for a sales team. uh it actually makes sense for for them to be put on and for talent to be on your offer. So again, this is what the line was when he we shifted JJ from selling himself to getting our in-house sales team on. And now because we are lucky enough to have been in this industry for
[2:13:55] a while, scaled all kind of traders to six multi6 figures per month, we also have the best sales team and sales reps, setters and closers and sales manager in the industry. So that's pretty cool and obviously we're blessed to have that now. Um, so every single person, every single sales rep that's on JJ's team had already worked on industry leading trading offers before joining us. Meaning they've already understand the objections of other trading offers, the psychology behind pitching, trading, mentorships, the guarantees, the payments, the financing, and then we train them up upon that. So we already had talent and then tailored that talent and trained that up on JJ's offer. And that's what we do for all our trading clients that needs sales reps and sales teams. We have our entire in-house pool, in-house sales team. We're even going to fly them out here to the buy in about a month, our sales team, our in-house
[2:14:40] sales team. Um, and then we put them on our trading offers offers when it makes sense, obviously above 20K per month at minimum. Um, and then that way, and then obviously if you're doing less than 20K per month, then you should be learning sales yourself through our sales training and everything. So now moving on, um, we go down here now. Now we have over 12 reps. So we have setters, six setters, six closers. Um, and we have our sales uh manager that are managing those people obviously. Um, our sales manager is is who we flew out uh to Miami with JJ as well, our trading client. Um, so that's pretty pretty sick. Um, and then our entire sales team because we have incentives in our sales team because we have worked with our sales team for a long time now. Uh, we have incentives on who uh gets flown out to Dubai. Then we're going to rent an
[2:15:26] entire, you know, villa here, be with them as well. JJ is going to come out to Dubai as well. um and pretty much work in real life as well. So we take care of not only our clients fly them out also our team fly them out but also our sales team um so that's that's really really dope and um in terms of getting reps fully operational every single rep when I say rep it is sales rep meaning setters and closers um they obviously need to get you know operational and need to get onboarded. So we have our DM setters, uh we have phone setters, so dialers and then we have closers. And then obviously under all of or over all of these above all of these is our sales manager that gets direct um you know feedback from us and we get feedback from him uh and he manages those. So we manage a manager that manages those um and obviously our clients gets this
[2:16:12] fully done for you uh in terms of vetting the best sales reps in the industry, in terms of hiring them, in terms of training them up to their offer, in terms of managing them, in terms of coaching them. um and replacing them. If if they don't uh obviously if they start slacking or whatever because it is sales reps once they start making more money and they you know tend to be comfortable then we got to let them go because we can't have any any team members that's comfortable around us because comfortability doesn't make money. You need to be hungry. You need to put in the work and take action. Um otherwise it's not fun. It really isn't and you're not going to make money. Um but anyways all sales related reps um all sales things when it comes to again hiring vetting training managing and everything is fully done for you u for all our training clients from our sales manager obviously. Now if you're going
[2:16:57] to manage sellers and closers yourself which I don't suggest because why would you do that when you can do it or when you can get it set up done for you and managed done for you by a sales manager that manages over 50 reps. um that's been on the top leading industry offers as well and has been a sales manager for over a few years now. Why would you do it yourself? But anyways, if you're going to do it yourself, then setters obviously needs to be trained up differently, needs to be managed differently, needs to have different coaching calls. Um same with closers because there's different egos. There's different boundaries upon different roles. There's different things each uh rep and each setter and each closer needs. Um but obviously all our clients gets access to this fully done for you from our sales manager. Now, also that butt I went over earlier, right? Uh we
[2:17:43] essentially turned every single sales call into coaching. So again, I went over the butt where you can see all the statistics, you can see the stars, you can see the reps, you can see uh what went wrong, what went good in sales call, you can see the sales call. Um, and that means our sales manager can go in and flag those that don't perform good and go in again also on those that perform good and set live expectations and live examples on coaching calls on why they're good for other prospects and other reps and so on and so forth. Um, so all of the operations behind a sales team is also what we do for all our training clients. Uh, we also have incentives that drive competition obviously. So with the sales team, you should also have incentives. You should have bonuses um, weekly, bi-weekly and monthly and quarterly. Uh we also have plagues for our you know uh sales reps. So every single top performing rep gets
[2:18:28] a plaque, custom flag. They get flown out to the buy. There's team trips. Um there's incentives in terms of bonuses, money. There's different different incentives than different bonuses. Again, all our, you know, sales reps gets this. Um and that also means that the environment is they're way more hungry. They're going to make way more money um when there's actually a competition behind it, right? So what we also do is obviously again track our entire sales team individually and also overall team performances as I went over earlier. So every single sales rep has a dashboard of themsel. We can see this. Our sales manager can see this. Um so we can see who is slacking um if there's any who is performing best incentive wise, bonuses wise, and so on and so forth, right? We can also see who gets the weekly incentive, who gets the flag,
[2:19:13] um who collects 1 million because 1 million is a plag because then they made, you know, $100,000 in commission if it's closer. um and so on and so forth, right? And we just have a really good team culture because when managing a team, team culture is the number one priority. You obviously need talent on your team, but talent, I mean, we have talent, so team culture is the next team culture is what's going to glue the entire team together. It's what's going to make the entire team want to work harder, want to make more money, um and just have a fun time. Um go out on team trips, get flown out, go rent Lambos, go be together for dinners. our sales manager every single month pretty much meets up with our um what's it called our closes and reps because he's in the US so he takes care of them we have a good team culture we wish you know everyone happy birthdays and so on and
[2:20:00] look at this right here so happy birthday to uh one of our sales reps right here then our you know bud right here uh says happy birthday as well and everyone's just you know everyone's just like grateful and everyone's working hard the team culture is on point um and every everyone is making money and everyone wants to make more money and it wants to be hungry and the team culture is just the number one one thing to to really actually double down on when you have a good team and when you have talent on your team you make you need to make them want to stay on that job I want to make you know make them want to stay on that role right so you also need to track your sales team you need to track uh applicants quality of applicants dials calls DMs connection rate to in terms of dialing connecting to booking total calls booked uh in terms of SDRs auto booking auto bookings
[2:20:45] in terms of shows S yours. So as yours is when people dial in terms of show, show up rate on auto booking, show up rate on on dolls, um closing DQ rate, disqualify rate, closing rate, AOB, sales team, cash collected by call. All of these metrics are also what our sales manager tracks and then gets directly reported to us. Um so you can see that we are up here, me and my business partner, then we have our sales team, uh sales manager right here, our manager, and then we have like unlimited reps down here. So, we get um feedback from him and we obviously give incentives to these guys and fly them out and stuff like that, but we don't like hands-on work with the sales rep. We have our sales manager that does that for us because he's the goat and we can focus on our clients and getting them more uh results in terms of the other aspects in
[2:21:30] the business than just sales, right? And then something I haven't seen anyone do um is actually create leaderboards for sales teams on their offer, right? Um, so if you didn't know, me and my business partner were actually professional gamers before went into business. So we played Fortnite competitively. I placed like top two in some Europe cash cups. I placed like top five in Winter Royale, plays a little bit in World Cup, FNCS and stuff like that. So we, you know, team up our setters and our closest into duos. So they're competing duos, you know, against other duos in the company, but then obviously everyone's competing with each other. So we have leaderboards where we track each leaderboard. So you can see team number one, two, three, four, not here, but there's four, five, six down here. Um, where every single
[2:22:15] setter and closer is matched and then they work together, compete against the other sales teams inside the team. Um, to to elevate the entire team, right? Um, and this obviously also tracked real time each team's cash collected, revenue, um, and it's just a good team culture overall. It it really is. We obviously help our trading clients set that up, too. if they need a sales team through our sales manager. If they're below 20K per month, you need sales frameworks on how to close yourself first to then get a sales team on after. So, it also makes sense for the sales rep and people with talent that actually want to jump on your offer because again, we only have sales reps that's talented. No good sales rep would ever work for an offer doing 10K per month, 15K per month at minimum 20K per month. Um, so that's that's that. Now, that was pretty much all the aspects. Now,
[2:23:00] there's one thing missing here, which is the most important thing of all of this. uh the most important thing on how we can scale this trading client. It is because he joined our consulting first then moved into the agency. So this is I'm I'm going to try and unfuck the industry uh unfuck the brainwashed industry. If you're doing anything below 100K per month, you do not need a done for you agency running your entire business done for you. All right? You don't need that. Yes, there is different aspects in a business that we run done for you for our consulting done with you clients. I know it's getting a little complicated here, but a done for you agency is not going to take on any good clients doing less than 100K per month. All right, we don't take on So, if you didn't know, we have our consulting, right? Consulting and then we have our
[2:23:46] agency, right? So, on our consulting offer, it is done with you, meaning that we help uh all of our clients do it. And then obviously with the operations, the sales team, we still do some done uh done for you. Uh right. So done for you and done with you and agency is fully done for you. So what happened with JJ? He obviously joined at 8K per month meaning he joined the consulting first then we helped him scale to 100K per month and then we took him on as the agency. All right? So we took him on as an agency, scale him to $1.2 million per month. That's how we have our uh offer structured. And that is the best way to go about it in this industry. But most people, most beginner agencies that are trash, don't know what they're doing, don't have any results, they will take on clients at $0 per month for an
[2:24:31] agency. Why is there incentive uh for that agency to perform good then? There isn't. All right? It is the most [expl] up thing in this industry. Uh it is a brainwash in this industry. Um but hopefully I will unfuck it in in just two minutes. Um so if you're below 100K per month, just like JJ, you do not need a done for you agency. Any good done for you agency with talent would never take you on because they're going to make 10 15 20% revenue share of let's say a business doing 10k per month. They'll make 2k per month at maximum. It is [expl] all money, right? So no good agency would ever take you on at that level in the first place. What you should learn to do instead is learn your own business inside out. You should learn how to run, scale, and manage your own business, right? Because if you're at $0 per
[2:25:16] month, this is very important by the way. So listen, listen up and take notes here. If you're at $0 a month and you take on a done for you agency to try and help scale you up, then what happens? That done for you agency is going to help you upon content, going to do all the funnels done for you, systems done for you, tracking done for you, sales team done for you, operations done for you, fulfillment done for you. What happens? You don't you don't learn anything because you've, you know, gotten other people to do it done for you, right? And this is for a revenue share of 10 15 20 25% depending on the agency obviously right that person does 10k per month let's say that agency makes a [expl] all one to two no 2k per month it is not enough incentives for the agency to actually have talent right which means no good agency would ever take on a business doing sub six figures per month. We don't even take on a
[2:26:01] business doing sub you know 200 300 $400,000 per month if we don't see that that guy has potential to do at least a million dollars per month within the next three months of us taking him on as the agency. All right. And also, when you let someone else run your entire business, when you haven't run your own business, you haven't even learned your own business, you haven't learned how to manage, scale, and build up your own business to at least six figures per month, which isn't hard at all. Then what happens if that agency leaves? You are screwed because you never learn how to set up the backend systems yourself. You never learned how sales works. You never learned how tracking works. You never learned how to run a business. If that agency leaves because you're depending on them, your business will crash. So that's why and that's how JJ joined our consulting first to learn how to run his own business scale it up to six figures per month through our frameworks team implementation obviously
[2:26:46] done few backend systems but we still teach him on how to set up the back system himself so he's not depending on us and then we move them into the agency right but the problem is everyone thinks they need a done for you agency at $0 per month 10k per you know 10k per month 20k per month they don't all right you need to learn how to run your own business to at least six figures a month because it's not hard at all if you know what you're doing and you know how to do it and when to do it and where to do it. It's the easiest thing ever. We scale dozens of clients who will send you know six figures per month at this point uh in a matter of 15 days, 20 days, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. It's really not that hard, right? You need to learn how to fish before you hand someone else the rod to catch fish for you. You need how to know you need to learn how to do something before you can train others and you know get on other people to help you do it, right? So JJ's path was he
[2:27:33] joined our consulting program which is still everything that's inside right here like everything I went over um everything in here he joined got access to scaled him up we helped him scale from 8K to 100k per month like I went over in the beginning from this right here to this this is the consulting and this right here is the agency right this is the clientele path of all our clients we do not work with you know agency clients we don't take on agency clients doing any anywhere below 100 200 300 $10,000 per month. This is for our consulting so they can learn to run it themselves so that they're not depending on an agency because if they don't and never learn how to run their own business, they're going to be depending on someone else doing it. If that other guy or other agency leaves, then you're screwed. So, we teach all our clients on everything that I just went over inside
[2:28:19] this video on how to run, manage, scale, grow your own business to at least six figures and then we could talk about the agency side of things. Again, JJ joined consulting first, scaled from 8K to 100K per month or there was more than 100K per month, whatever in 30 days. And then only once then he crossed six figures, we moved him from the done with you program, still with done for you back systems involved in that done with you to then done for you and we scaled him to a million dollars per month. It is the same pattern we've done for all our trading clients. 0 to 50K per month, 20 to 100K per month. And like all these testimonials right here, maybe you've seen some of these faces before. Uh 7K to 40K, 10K to 70K. These are all case studies 20 to $325,000 K 1K to 90K per month. Um all of these have joined the consulting. Then once it makes sense to
[2:29:04] scale to multi6 figures per month, then we could talk about the agency side of things. So everything I just walk you through is not just for JJ, it is for our entire clientele. Everything I broke down in terms of the content strategy, the offers, the operations, the copyrightiting, the sales team, it is the exact same program every single client of ours gets access to and goes through. All right. Um, so JJ got access to all of this. There's way more inside our program obviously that I can't go inside this this video otherwise it take like you know 20 hours. Uh there's a lot to scaling a business to six multi six and seven figures per month. But the key foundations is consulting first through our frameworks guidance and done with you program to then go into the agency so that we can take revenue share if you want to and scale it to seven figures per month essentially right. Um so there's there's a lot to it and that's
[2:29:49] why JJ joined. That's why he got such good results because he learned his business himself first through our guidance, frameworks, SOPs, modules, resources and everything also team and done few backing systems and so on and then moved into the agency right and you also have to understand that the math of waiting the cost of opportunity like we went over earlier. If JJ just has waited, let's say, three to four months because he said on the call that he needs to think about it or whatever, then obviously those months at 8K per month would been 24, 34, 4K per month, whatever, or in total. Um, but those are the same months that became a business doing seven figures per month. So, if you didn't take action back then, JJ, 3 to four months ago, you would have never made $2 million, $2.8 million from our partnership now. Uh, which is insane, right? So, if you are a trading coach or
[2:30:34] mentor, you're sitting in between doing zero, 5K a month, 10K a month, 20K a month, maybe even more, and you've watched this entire breakdown because I mean, if you've watched this, I know that you're serious about scaling your business because otherwise you wouldn't have watched like two and a half hours, uh, pretty much. Um, and I know you're serious about actually getting to work and making a ton of money because this is a golden opportunity. Um, and you've watched this entire video, then you know what to do. Um, I made this entire video to show you the results of this case study that I've never seen before. these kind of numbers unheard of in this industry. Best case study, literally best case study, not even sound ignorant, but best case study uh ever in terms of info going from four figures, 8K per month to over $1.2 million per month, seven figures per month in only four months. If you want access to our program on how we help scale JJ, how we
[2:31:19] help all our trading clients scale, apply below, get on a call with my team and I. We'll go over your situation um and see if you're a good fit. And um I hope you like this video cuz holy [expl] there's a lot of value. Um but again, I wanted to make it super in-depth cuz this is by far I mean it is the best case study there is. Show you guys all the numbers, show you guys everything that we help JJ upon, everything we help all our trading clients upon from A to Z, everything from different aspects in the business. Um, so actually take action and don't be the guy that waits and sits and misses out on six figures, multi-6 figures by not pulling the trigger and by being uh afraid to invest because you can either invest time to save money or you can invest money to save time. And in that time, if you invest money into saving time, then you'll be making way more than the other
[2:32:05] way around. Obviously, there's a reason why we made JJ now 2.8 million and we're making him 1.2 mil plus every single month from eight figures. Uh, so if you like this video, please leave a like, come subscribe. I want to talk to you. I want to work with you if you watch until the end because I know you're serious about scaling. Um, and I want to help you scale up as well with your trading info business. So, go down, apply, and uh, thank you for watching. Leave a like, comment, subscribe. I'm looking forward to talking to you. And, uh, let's get to work. Let's get to Let's get to making
